I would appreciate it if you could correct my sentences
It's been getting colder lately here in Japan. (\"These days\" is a phrase I often hear Japanese and Korean native speakers use in their English, although in native English speakers would probably say \"lately\" or \"recently\". It's sort of the equivalent of 最近
I find Japan's summer weather disagreeable because of its high humidity and temperature
So, as the winter is coming, I'm starting to feel better
It is a very exciting season
But, before enjoying those kind of happy times, I have to do a kind of boring, 
I have a fiancee and she is finding a job.(if she doesn't have a job yet use \"a\" job, butif she has a job then use \"her\" job
It doesn't seem easy for women to find jobs in Japan
The first, most women have babies and they have to take maternity leave
Employers don't like it even if maternity leave is the right of employees
The second,  women workers likely to quit their job because of child care or the transfer of ther husbands
If a woman worker quits her job, employers have to find a new employee
Though there are many women workers who have excellent potential, employers often hesitate to hire them
It is the first time
When I first arrived in Brisbane, it was always sunny
I am missing the warm weather
It's too hard for me
My goal is an overall 7.0, but it may need to more than 1 year
English is the harder , the more difficult language 
I really hope that I will be able to speak English like a native
I also have another problem
I always practice pronounciation, but it's getting more difficult
I dont know why I can't recognize \"ea\" \"i\" ,such as, \"cheap as chips
If I said that sentence, people will hear the same pronounciation
2 months later, I am going to back to Korea
I just learned the alphabet
It is said that because the Korean grammar is similar to the Japanese’s, so that the Korean who study Japanese take about 1 year to speak Japanese fluently, while the other foreigners have to take 3 or 4 years or more
I found that the Korean alphabet is easier to write than the Japanese’s
How about the way to spell
And after I entered the Japanese department, I even can’t recall any English grammar that I learned before
But it’s also said that it’s very difficult to learn both of them well
One time, I had a Japanese examination
The Japanese who see a katakana word just spell it normally but we who had learnt English before see a katakana word, we just try to think of an English word and then spell it
I like English very much but I chose the Japanese department for no reason
Then I asked my brother for advice, he said that “I like Japanese
I was acquainted with him in a Chinese chat room when I was at 9th grade about 4 years ago
He is a very special person, even though we’ve met in real life yet
He is 8 years older than me but he is just a friend
He is very humorous and handsome 
He can always make me smile even when I’m in a bad mood
But in my university, at the second year of regular training, we can choose a second qualification if we want and be able to study both well
My university has about 11 foreign language departments and some other department where they teach economics, travel business, computers, and so on… If we’re learning a foreign language, we’re advised to choose the economics or travel bussiness department so that when we graduate we will have the best job
So next year, I intend to choose the English department for the second qualification
When we’re at the third year, we have a compulsory subject
It’s different from the second qualification
Because the second qualification also has economics, travel business, computers… training and it isn’t compulsory
For example, I’m learning Japanese, I have to choose one of the 10 other foreign languages
So, if next year I choose the English department, the year after I may choose Korean for second foreign language
To learn almost fluent Japanese, we have 4 years
After that, I am not sure that we can be able to speak it fluently
It’s called “the love language”, isn’t it
Do you know our Uncle Ho was able to speak fluently more than 10 foreign languages
I can’t do it like that but I wish I could learn at least 4: Japanese, English, Korean and French
Do I have the ability to do it
I’m very worried about it
This time  we still have to test 4 Japanese skills
I’m very nervous of speaking and listening skills
It was so bad, wasn’t it? The essay topic this time will be random
I’ll have to write anything in Japanese as the topic requests
Life is short
to try hard
We wore wedding dresses despite the absence of our bridegrooms
WishI send my best wishes for to her..  I know this might sound strainge, but this is a very common usage in English - to send someone good wishes on a birthday or other occasion
That is Those are my mother’s pictures, which were taken when she was younger.  Young is also correct, but the word younger is more polite, as it doesn't imply she is so old now
Isn't she beautiful
My computer’s CD ROM was broken so I can’t install Japanese font
I’ll try to continue this diary one near day next day
There is a big difference between the east and the west, when comes to education. I always admired how the westerners educate their posterity, their method is so gentle and kind, full of love and meaning, whereas the Asian method is rather more of violence more violent, for example the Chinese people believe that a child should be educated with rods
Countless beatings from their parent is believed to be capable of forging a successful child! That's how I was brought up at least. My parent always tell me how much they love me, although they served me with rod every time I committed a wrong doing. However, when comes to the western way of parenting, it sounds like a fairy tale to me. For example, the western parents always said this to their child if they happened to be repudiate, the parent will say this \"go to your room!\" This is something that will never happen in an Asian family
Maybe our parents would never realize the trauma they had inflicted on us!"
How successful was the League of Nations in establishing peace during the 1920s
The League of Nations was an organization formed to improve the lives and working conditions of the people around the world, to work for peace through disarmament and to uphold and enforce the Treaty of Versailles
The League was successful in establishing peace during the 1920s by discouraging aggression towards other countries through negotiation. The League also planned to provide collective security through a community of power, for example in the case of Silesia, where the League settled a dispute between Germany and Poland through a plebiscite. Another example is the Aaland Islands, where after an investigation the League managed to settle a dispute between Sweden and Finland. The League was also successful in improving living standards. For example they provided direct aid and welfare to the people in need around the world. One of their famous acts is the repatriation of 400,000 WWI prisoners, whom they employed them to kill mosquitos to prevent malaria and also to prevent leprosy. They also provided economic experts to help Austria and Hungary, as well as establishing the International Labour Organization
As Three of the most powerful nations in the world did not participate in the League of Nations: they are Germany
Russia and the United States. The two most powerful countries in the League, Britain and France, wanted to recover from their economic loss in WWI so they showed no enthusiasm to get involved. The League failed to establish disarmament, first in 1923 and then in 1931, both times because of Britain and Germany's unwillingness to cooperate. However they did arrange a conference in 1928 where the Kellog-Briand Pact, which was an act of the League's assembly outlawing war, was signed by 23 nations and supported by 65 countries and which outlawed war
However the League was unsuccessful because it largely failed to achieve most of their disarmament were not achieve
The greatest achievement of the League was its work on social issues. No organization had ever tackled these problems before; until now their campaign has been taken over by the U
N so it is a great success. However it failed to stop powerful countries starting a war, failed to establish disarmament and also failed to defend \/ uphold the Treaty of Versailles. These failures gave rise to aggression by the Axis powers."
Now its snowing in Tokyo 
When I was a child, I liked snow. Or...When I was a child, I liked when it snowed
It makes me feel worried due to traffic problem and so on
in such a temperature
China opposes Paris' award for Dalai Lama (中国反对巴黎为达赖喇嘛授奖
China On Tuesday, China condemned the honorary citizen award from Paris for the Dalai Lama, saying it posed \"a grave interference in Sino-French relations
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang said China was indignant and resolutely opposed Paris's award for the Dalai Lama made despite China's opposition. (when a word ends in 's' you only have to put '    [For example James' bike is nice
Such a move stirs strong indignation among the Chinese people,\" Qin said, noting that inevitably, it would severely undermine the cooperation between Paris and Chinese cities, and gravely disturb China-France relations
He said, China held a clear, persistent and firm position over the Tibet issue, which was related to China's core interests and major political concern. he said
Qin urged Paris to stop interfering in China's internal affairs,and immediately correct its wrong-doing
Qin said that this move by the Paris government gravely damaged the city's image among the Chinese.Qin said
A poll on the website of the Global Times found more than 87 percent of voters firmly opposed the Paris' move
Paris should bear all the blame, Qin said, urging Paris to take the right attitude towards the Chinese people's voices, and stop its offence to the Chinese people, in a bid to create an essential condition for the cooperation with Chinese cities
The agenda for the dialogue will includes topics ranging from energy conservation and environmental protection, to finance and agriculture
Since it was first convened in 2007, the China-Japan high level economic dialogue has proven to be their most important mechanism for discussions on major economic concerns, and important regional and global economic issues
Chinese Commerce Minister Chen Deming said, \"I think we two sides can make joint efforts in the following 5 aspects
Chen said, \"China's trade deficit to Japan was 34 and a half billion US dollars. (You could say 34.5 billion US dollars
With a dewdrop's aroma
A diffused youth style
You told me who's gazing you one phrase:Life is like a summer flower
Outside, the sky does diffuses the wind and cream (?) of years ('rain' might be a better word 
It will be brilliant forever
My friends and I."
No smoking
I give up smoking for two weeks because I want to gain my health
Since I stopped smoking , my running pitch is getting very well more than ever
I don't feel to be tired 
my condition is great
but, I must walk through the fire to stop smoking
This is it, drinking session
Drinking lure me to smoke
I'll never succeed unless my will is strong!!!!"
Friday night
It's a Friday night
I am watching the TV with beer and snacks
The TV show is about \"Toshi-Densetsu
Toshi-Densetsu means city legend. ['Urban legend' might be better
This is a story that sounds like a lie but is also funny
Today's story is \"a bear cat walking on two legs
It is up to you whether you believe or not!"
Hello
I'm trying to write my diary in English for the first time
Two years ago I went to Italy
I tried to talk with Italians in English
They were not native speakers, so I couldn't hear what they were talking about
Today is father's day for my family
My wife and I gave my father white polo-shirts from UNICRO
Then, we took our dad to lunch at a Thai curry restaurant
There is a variety of curry menus like green,yellow,red, etc.ect is (x-se-tr-a) it means continues.Ex The pet shop has all kinds of animals like cats, dogs, birds, etc. 
I enjoyed the conversation with my father and grandfather
They don't like to talk about the same things
I felt very funny
We had a good time."
I live in Okinawa where it is very warm and there are beautiful oceans
It's hot today despite that it's winter！
I like to go to the beach
However, I don't go to swim. I like spending my time there doing nothing
at the beach because I can forget various stressful things there > Or you could say, '... because it takes my mind off things that are stressing me
I'm just actually going to the beach today
My rock band
Recently my rock band release the CD
I have had a enough time to for music activity(?) to appear on rocal the local radio in Okinawa and 
to perform a live and to be interviewed the rocal local magazine
I have had such productive days
I hope a lot of peaple people to listen to my music
Hai. Hi
Today, I went to a cool cafe to have a coffee with my friends
I think that they say mean \"go back to the basics to make of making coffee
When I and my friend my friends and I entered in the cafe, we were surprised by it's mood
There is was not any music
It looked high-class
We were very had lots of fun
We felt very happy had a great time."
Today I'll show you a photo of me playing guitar in my rock band
We are called \"SOMETHING FOUR
I'm wearing the green jacket
The fantastic man standing next to me is the famous \"wedding dancer\" of Okinawa
Whenever I write English even though I'm sleepy, I find lots of trivial mistakes in my English writing later
Does the sentence I wrote above make sense? yes! but just a grammatical error with \"despite
I can't help but think of him although I decided not to chase him anymore. [Don't you think these sentences are the same
I stopped chasing him
but I can't stop thinking about him."
Therefore I'd like to go to another school
The class is from Monday to Thursday 6:30pm-9:30pm
I talked with my host family about it and they said \"it's OK
I will do my best on tomorrow."
Although I have never seen Star Wars, I had a lot of fun
There was a screen behind the orchestra, and images from Star Wars were shown there
And many children wore Star Wars's costume; I thought they were very cute
After that, we went to a Japanese supermarket and went to eat dinner at a beef barbecue restaurant
Last Week
I didn't write in my diary last week
I was feeling homesick feeling and also in a little bad condition last week
However, I met and talked with some a Japanese  Au Pair including the Japanese on Sunday, and I became good felt better
I had a lot of fun very much
Because I have a am planning to meeting another Japanese friend this weekend, I am a enjoyment excited!"
Yesterday, it was my hostfamily's child's birthday party
It was my first time at an American birthday party
It was very wonderful and I was very surprised
There was a big trampoline, a big birthday cake, many people, many presents and Elmo came here
It seemed that she had fun and was very happy
I had lots of fun."
I went to San Francisco with who got to know with a thing such as Facebook yesterday. <I went to San Francisco with someone I met in Facebook yesterday> (I believed this is what you meant
We went to eat the lunch in Itarian and chated more than 3 hours. <We went for lunch at an Italian restaurant and chatted for more than three hours
And, I thought that a waiter was cool and very friendly! <I got the impression that our waither was very nice and friendly
In addition, the dishes is very good. <were
After that we did shopping! <some shopping
And, today I went to Piedmont Avenue. <As for today, I went
It is near my host family's house and it has many shops and cafes
I bought a pierce, and I think that it is very nice! (not sure what you mean, a purse? or did you get a piercing, like and earing
I spent a happy weekend! I had a wonderful weekend!"
I came to the United States from Japan, and two months and a half have passed
I have gotten used to this place here better now more than before
And, I made friends.  Many Japanese and little  some from other countries. another country perple
I went  started going to school(ESL class) from  on 8\/22
I stay home on weekdays but I go out every weekend
I want to make friends with more people from another countries perple and I learn English."
My Last weekend is was a three-day weekend
I went to many places and I had lots of fun
Friday, I went to watch a baseball game because Ichiro came to Oakland
We ate lunch then after that we met her husband and we did  some sightseeing in San Francisco
I rode on the CABLE CAR for the first time and went to Coit Tower
He was a very good guy
It was very wonderful
There was blue sea, blue sky, green mountain and lots of nature.  この文は私が分かりません。
After that we went to Carmel and we bought bag at COACH
And we went to eat dinner IZAKAYA(Japanese food) in San Jose
It was very good
But I bought a bag yesterday, so I didn't buy anything
I am off on Sundays, so I was off today
I went out around my host family's house
First, I went to a supermarket and I looked at the inside thoroughly
And, I went to buy a hair care product and a snack
Finaly, I went to Starbucks coffee and drank coffee, ate a cookie and wrote letter to my boyfriend
It was a very hot and good day
I had fun on my day off  
I went to the city with my friends last night because one of them left today
It was kind of a farewell party for her
The bar was very crowded because every drink was only $2
And It was so much fun
I drank too much and got drunk though
But it's ok because we had a really great time together
However, we are so sad that she left here
I hope I see her again soon."
And I attended the Orientation today
I'm looking foward to going to school
Finally I came back!! (would be better to say \"Finally I am back
I haven't come been (on) here for a looooong time... (you're original sentence was understandable, but this is a little bit more like something an American would say
Because writing by English is really hard for me and I'm kind of busy
Actually, I've just been was just lazy, hahaha
But I really wanna improve my English because I can only stay US just for half a year
That's a very short time. I don't wanna leave, but I can't do anything about it
After going back to Japan, I'm sure I don't won't have any chance to use English
Because in Japan, most of people are Japanese. (or you could say, \"...most people speak Japanese.\" Just a suggestion, it's a little clearer). 
I hope I can make friends from overseas though
I have been live living in the United States from since last month as an Au Pair
Here is a very good place, the sky is blue and wide, there is a lot of green and it is the climate that it is makes it easy to spend here time outside
I want to speak learn English!"
I woke and cook a lunch.I woke up and cooked lunch
After Eating(having) lunch, I prepared myself to go outdoor(outdoors
I have much free time recently,so I makes it a custom to watch a movie in the morning
So,I have joined Lang-8. -- \"entered\" is okay, but usually you \"join\" a website and \"enter\" a competition or building
I would be happy to receive your corrections
It is now 2011
A lot happened last year
I'm going to graduate from university and enter a company
I'm going to work in an asset management company
It seems like it will be difficult
I'm required to use English in the company,so I need to study harder
Thank you for reading this entry\/article
I would be glad if you would correct this
I like reading books
I have read it several time in English to study English
Do you know “The little prince” story
The little prince lives in a small planet. There are two small volcanoes and a rose
He waters the rose and protects it from cold weather
And prince decides go away from the rose
Then I wondered what the rose means on prince’s planet
And I checked it on the internet
Her name is コンスエロ
It's because サン＝テグジュペリ’s family doesn't like her
Then someone found a lot of letters, pictures, and a lot of stuff in a big サン＝テグジュペ’s trunk
He died by a planned accident
When he died, he was wearing a bracelet with the stamp of コンスエロ
So he loved her so much
On July 25 (または the 25th of July), there was festival in Osaka
It is famous for fireworks
So my friend and I went to see it
The festival was near the river so it sounded nice to go to
But it was difficult seeing some fireworks because some buildings were in the way
So we went around to find a better spot
We were able to see some good fireworks
And there were many foreigners who came to watch
I talked to a foreigner who is from Taiwan
and we became friends
We will meet again at another festival
It was nice to meet him (her?)."
I have been to LA in US on this New year
When I arrived at LAX, I rented a car at the Dallar rentcar (rental car?) shop
After an hour later, I had a flat tire
and I needed to change my car
I called the rent-car (rental car?) office and the officer said \"You should return here and you can change it to another car
Where are you?\" thatwhy. (I'm not sure about this part, maybe that is why
I could not change the flat tire to a spare tire
He is supposed to send somebody to my place
I did not know where I am
I asked the neighbor who was walking nearby
And I could change the flat tire to the spare tire by Road Server and return to the shop
I could switch the car to another car
I thought I would need a navigation system on the car
Finally I could meet my friend 
at LA."
I begin to like baseball games.(この意味、たぶん。。。）
I went to see a baseball game with some of my friends at KOUSHIEN
I didn’t like baseball until I watched the game
That why,  we were singing a song, when the players were standing at the butter box. (batter box
all player has each song  one of player had a homeback hit
The team we were rooting for won.(rooting for = supporting, hoping would win)"
the title is “The beauty and the beast”
It is famous for everyone in the world
Most  of people know it
Then I have examined it searched for its related information on the internet
One of it said the story makes originated from Greece the Greek myth 
The story has a maxim
That is you should believe your feeling instead of what you are seeing"
My trip to Tokyo
I have been to Tokyo
I sometimes visit to there
and almost same schedule. (?)(*Not sure what you are trying to say 
I have a lunch at Tsukuji market to eat sushi. (Not to sure why your capitalising these words
In that time I tried to eat KAISEN-DON
One of my friends recommended it to me but I was a little about trying it. regret. 
It is good. Is o.k, however, 'I did enjoy it though'. would be a better sentence
but I like sushi better than kaisendon
And When I was back to in my home town in of Osaka
I saw a girl who seemed to have a be in problem
May I help you
She said she was is from Australia
Therefore, as we were on the same when we took train, I was tried to speak with her, 
When I was travelling overseas to travel
I sometimes have got to help from local people
I am so thankful for their help
That's why
I want to help other people who seems to be in need of help too. problem."
Ｉ had a chance to talk with a customer from Korea
He could speak English, so then, I tried to ask “Would you like to have a cup of coffee or tea?\" 
But the person sitting next to me, a Japanese businessman, interpreted my English to English. 
I was disappointed
I need to keep practicing my English speaking."
festival in the neighborhood
We had made a festival by ourselves at elementary school
There were so many shops and gameplace game stalls such as Takoyaki, Yakisoba, Oden and Frankfurters
such as Takoyaki,Yakisoba,Oden,Frankfurter. (Combined with last sentence
and We had a were responsible for selling Tonjiru, which is a Japanese-soup
It was such hard work
But many children seemed happy
I had a good time. (Sounds more natural.)"
I began to learn English when I was about 16 years old
I have had English for about four years english now
For four weeks I was in the UK to learn English
I was in Cambridge and learned a lot
The school I was in was the studio school
Since last year, I have had a really bad English teacher
In my opinion, my English skills have decreased since I have had this teacher
So I began to learn Japanese by myself
I learned more Japanese then English last year
I don't have a Japanese teacher, but I think I learned more Japanese than English since I have had this English teacher
At the moment, I can write all the kana and about 200 kanji
But just the meanings and how to write them
I think it's easier to learn step by step
So I learn the vocabulary, grammar, and the meanings of the kanji
Also, I listen to JapanesePod101
It's very helpful because I don't have a Japanese teacher
The pronounciation is very difficult to learn without anyone who can speak japanese
While I am learning Japanese, I don't want to forget English, so I write here to improve english
My English teacher can't really help me
I am affraid that I am not good enough to write in Japanese
I just can only speak some short sentences like 'おげんきですか
You see, I write all in Kana because I didn't learned a lot of kanji
I hope I will learn a lot of Japanese
The research was about \"Fourier transformations and Digitral image processing
I will write about it in my next journal
It's a long-running special-effects TV series aimed at kids
They assume the identity of a grasshopper-like cyborg
仮面ライダー usually fight to protect people against monsters
But in the 仮面ライダー龍騎, the Riders fight against other Riders
They kill each other to gain special powers and claim which grant any wish. (Since I'm not too familiar with the series I'm not sure if there can be many powers or not, so I'm guessing some parts here. >.<）
One fights to revive his sister, one fights to cure his incurable disease. (If you want to make it more general, with 'some': Some fight to revive their sister(s), others fight to cure their disease
Each drives has a characteristic ability
For instance,\"Cyclone Memory\" which improves its speed, \"Metal Memory\" hardens its body ,etc
And they fight while having a good command of 2 of them
They can only insert 2 drives at once
It tickles my engineerity! (Ha, I guess I know what you mean by 'engineerity' ^_^, but maybe something more likely would be: 'engineerness'? This isn't really a word either, but I think I would use that over an 'ity' ending. For something proper, maybe 'it tickles my engineer character', 'it tickles the engineer in me' would be better- 
Do you like it?(*´∀｀) (This is proper English. In casual English, you can use what you wrote
When I was going for a moonlit stroll this night\/evening, I heard that \"bell-ringing\" crickets were singing
I recognized that the summer is finally ending and the autumn is falling\/coming\/following
I've heard that any people do not no one enjoys the songs of the crickets besides the Japaneses
So, I'm wondering what do you actually feel when you watch this video
Do you know what is a cross bike
These days cross bikes are growing in popularity amongst the Japanese
Cross bike is shaped like a breed between a road bicycle and a MTB. (MTB = mountain bike
But this cross bike is used more for travelling within towns. 
I had really wanted one for months
And finally, I got it
The shop staff told me that this was a hot-selling item this year! (... a best-seller... 
I rode back to home on it right after I purchased it from the bike shop\/store
It was a 30 minutes ride
It was great to ride on the roads
There weren't any bumps on the road y things, so I could go really fast
But I often had to stop and look back because there were so many taxis and cars parked on the streets
My bike doesn't have a stand, so I carried it all the way to the front of my apartment which is on the 3rd floor
The frame is aluminum-made, so it is as light as a feather!"
Hmm
I'm still suffered from have a headache
I'm going to absent from classes tomorrow
Good night everyone
I'm sorry that I couldn't reply to your comments and message for a few days
It was a three days and 2 nights event. [\"Three day, 2 night event.\" Just to let you know, you can also write it this way and omit the \"and\", using a comma instead. A lot of times, you can even omit the \"s
This is such a wonderful thing to do
I was struggling with errors until the (very) last train. (\"very\" is for emphasis, your sentence is perfectly fine too
When I came back\/reached home, it was already past midnight
Then I had a light supper. (we always say \"light supper\", but never \"small supper\". I wonder why
It's already half past 4 am now
This is just a the beginning. [Since you're being specific about what kind of beginning here
Even the famous general of 戦国 era, 織田信長, was there to pray for a victory before the battle of 桶狭間
Inside the shrine, there was this treasury that contained lots of treasures
And 神道 is very much related to 天皇(the Majesty the Emperor). (It's a bit odd to use \"deeply\" here
Therefore many of arts and works have been dedicated to 天皇 conventionally
Yes! The samurai swords were really cool
Me neither. ;p
But I didn't become tired at all! (It's more common to use \"grow weary
It was a really comfortable\/relaxing place. (\"Snug\" is used for other things. Like, this is a snug sweater => tight-fitting, or body-hugging
Then we went to 栄 which is downtown Nagoya and my junior joined us
There is this large Ferris wheel in the middle of downtown Nagoya
名無しさん had longed to ride one
So we rode it
Although she had longed to ride it so much, she had a fear\/phobia of heights
So she was rather quiet when we were inside the gondola the whole time
Why bears? 
I wish they felt the same as me too!"
I really regret that I couldn't write a journal entry yesterday. もっと自然な言い方は：I'm so sorry that I couldn't blog\/write an entry yesterday
When I got home, it was already past 12:00 am. (If you use 12:00, you need to put \"am\/pm\" because it can mean 1200 hours or 0000 hours. Otherwise, you can say, \"past midnight
I was writing this journal on the bed, but I fell asleep. もっと自然な言い方は：I fell asleep as I was writing this journal on my bed
The seniors sometimes link daily things to technical terms. (I know
For instance, when a guy was acting bashful\/shy\/awkward while he was talking about his girlfriend, the others hooted at him like
Then the guy retorted with
I am still self-restoreable!\" (Hahahaha
They are earnest to thier reseaches. 意訳ですが： They are very dedicated to their research (projects). 名詞なら、research　だけで良いです。
And they have lots of expert knowledge.　他の言葉は： expertise
I am so glad to to be incorporated as a member of the lab! (It's a little weird to use 'incorporated', because it sounds too formal and business-like. You can say, \"... to be part of this lab!\""
I don't understand the lyrics, so I can't translate but somehow the English sentence feels weird to me... could it be perhaps, \"Aiming at the core through a synthesizer
What I think she wants to say is, it's easy to be in the charts or follow the crowd
The most important thing is to create the songs which never gets outdated and are admired by everyone irregardless of time or people."
OH MY GASH GOSH! **Always say \"GOSH\" for this! The other word has distasteful meanings
null
null
It's already 2:34AM now.",null
I'm going to lead the group discussion tomorrow.",null
null
Also, I have a big presentation on this coming Wednesday.",null
And there is a huge pile of\/amount of homework due Thursday. [Need something to indicate how much homework. \"Huge\" doesn't really do that here...]",null
null
null
null
There is only a good news. But there's also some good news
null
null
null
The Love and the Japanese language
Japanese, however, hadn't have the proper word which signifies \"love\" then because of the sensibilities and lyricism. (sensibilities and lyricism
When one of his students translated \"I love you\" into Japanese as ”私はあなたを愛しています\", he warned him against that translation
Japanese would say  \"今夜は月が綺麗ですね\"(which means \"The moon looks more beautiful tonight\") instead
I think what he meant was that \"love\" is the feeling that makes the moon looks brighter than the moon you (usually) see by yourself
Continuing from my previous journal entries
After the cake buffet, we saw off 名無しさん and  Porschla off at the bus station
Really? I didn't know! :D
So they must have had a great time there
They had a free day on Friday because their flight would depart on Saturday afternoon. (It was Saturday morning, actually
When they got down the buss, they looked really tired
I thought it was because of the long mountain route\/road
I had other choices in mind
But I decided to take\/bring them to Atsuta Shrine
So many people go there for a stroll
I turned on the TV immediately
My recent favorite soap opera starts at 13:30. (If you want to talk about a soap opera that is currently\/recently a favourite, then it's usually more natural to keep it in a separate sentence from a time reference. For example: Recently I have a new favorite soap opera. It starts at .... Or: My favourite soap opera at the moment is ..... It starts at ..... 
So I felt regret oversleeping. (Or simply: So I felt bad about oversleeping. Or: I wish I hadn't overslept
of the drama!! (You don't need to say this, since you've already explained it. 
There was a particularly memorable line. (To emphasize that it was really special
That was, \"Our happiness shouldn't be bought at the sacrifice of any of us.\" (I'm not sure what the translation is, but something that may sound more natural is: Our happiness shouldn't be attained at the cost\/sacrifice of others
What did you do with your mother
I went to the a revolving sushi bar named \"ざぶん\" with my family and mother's mom and father's mom
There were lots of \"moms
I had (so) many bottles of sake. (The 'so' is for emphasis ;p
Don't fall down! ;p
Maybe you guys don't have a culture to have a leisurely bath! (that's right... 
I need to go and buy it when I'm in Japan then! 
This sentence is grammatically correct, but a bit ambiguous as it can either mean 1) your friend is sick and hospitalized, or 2) your friend is working or for some reason, is in a hospital although s\/he is not sick
There is a park between the nearest train station and the hospital he is in
It was raining heavily, and I was listening to music on full volume
While I was walking through the park, somehow my wallet fell out of my pocket
When I realized, I broke out in a cold sweat
There were some cash cards, credit cards, my driver license, and other stuff in it
But my wallet was taken to the police station by a kind gentlemen
Somehow the police officer remembered it
I'm writing this journal entry using my iphone on the train
Today we are having a forum about the research that my lab conducting
This time it's a badminton tournament
All of the lab members including professors are gonna take part in the tournament
So this has a aspect which is entertainment for the professors!意訳ですが：So even the professors can enjoy themselves in such a sports event
I'm going to change\/transfer my train now
I will be back at Lang8 at tonight if I am not exhausted
it's not gone! I just corrected it 
Anyway, I got to keep my spirits up
What did you do for your mom
We just finished took the graduate school entrance test last week
After the test, we had an interview
During the interview, the interviewer told us if we did well or not at the test
So, what I have to do now is only doing research
By the way, I have a something to ask you
Do you believe that there is the a right thing in this world
Like the moon, things look different by from the different viewpoints you see from
We can't see the whole things at once
A Scientific speaking, we can only perceive by the reflection of lights
What I wanna say is, a right thing might be not be right thing for others
So, I bought a book called \"A Theory of Justice
I haven't read it more than 2 pages yet
I'm trying to finish this book within this month
I also started attending English conversation class
There are so many things to write about
One journal entry is not enough to finish up writing about my these days!"
名無しさん, her friends named Porschla, みよきちさん, atukiくん and his friend なつえ and me
The motivation for this trip was 名無しさん's journal entry
She wrote that she was planning to visit Takayama with her friend 
Takayama is in the northern part of Gifu prefecture and that is close to my hometown
Then me and other 2 of her Lang8 friends decided to serve as guides for them
The rendezvous was at the Golden Clock in Nagoya station at 10 a.m
This was absolutely our absolute first time to meet  each other. 
What do you mean by this
So I ordered a bowl of rice topped with fillet pork cutlet and 味噌 sauce
And it was excellent
That pork fillet was tender and went well with the sauce
And I love it! In almost all of the sentences that you wrote, you should replace \"that\" with \"it\". It's a little hard to explain why, though. In this sentence, \"And I love that\" really means \"And I love the fact that 味噌 is a special product of Aichi Prefecture.\" \"that\" really refers to an entire sentence, or an entire idea. On the other hand, \"And I love it!\" really means \"And I love 味噌\". In this case, \"it\" refers to the subject (person, place, thing) of the preceding sentence. So, if you write about the same subject in multiple sentences, you should use \"it\" instead
Tomorrow I will continue to write about this sightseeing trip
I am so glad that I could come back to here
I have been having some tough days. (More natural suggestion: I've been having a rough time lately. Or: I've had a rough few days
I couldn't stand without pain killers until a couple of days ago
I still have big holes in my mouth, but I can eat anything I want now
It's 2 a.m. here now
I went to the otolaryngology (no clue what this is but ok!) after school today
I had to wait there about 2 hours there
Then I went to the dispensary to get some medicines for on the prescription which the doctor wrote me. (I don't believe this sentence is ungrammatical but it is definitely odd sounding to me
Then I had a dinner at home and talked with my friend on the phone for an hour and half
Then, I chatted with Mimi for a hour. (or \"I then chatted
So I don't have much time to write this journal entry because I have to get ready to go school before I go to bed. (Again, not necessarily ungrammatical but this can also be read as you are planning to go to school tonight BEFORE you go to bed. Perhaps something like \"I have to get ready for school tomorrow and go to bed.\" That would clear all possible confusion
So this time, I will just introduce my favorite song
Actually, it was my first time to go around Tokyo since I was in the 3rd your year of junior high school
I stayed at my friend's house. He are will be going to university in Tokyo in 3 days' time, and we had drinks drank every night
I got home from Tokyo on Friday evening 
And I left my house and went to my other friend's house right away
Most of my old pals gathered in his house and we drank had drink all the night
I mean it\/ It's real
Actually, my friend did it. (Not me
I was just watching the whole thing while he was having a difficult time assembling it
I had pulled out my wisdom teeth yesterday!better:I had my wisdom tooth pulled out yesterday
It still hurts so bad badly
So the pain killer is necessary all day.so I need painkillers all day
I hope it will get recovered by this weekend at the latest
Right now, my face is puffed up like a balloon
I really wanna skip the classes on Monday
I still have  a slight headache and stuffy nose
And I feel dizzy (too). (it's better to add \"too\" at the end of this sentence to make it more natural, because you mentioned previously that you had a headache and a stuffy nose
I think the fever  has  already passed away
Anyway, I can't stay on the in bed anymore
I bought a couple of books about  the TOEFL
Have anyone taken  the TOEFL before
I'm thinking to of taking that test this summer
The TOEFL has a writing section
So I'm going to write journal entries along the policy that are in accordance with the requirements (?)  of  the TOEFL writing section
I have to finish some reports tonight
I couldn't bear it! 
Smoking is similar to summoning the Mephistopheles
It will give you a nominal relief
But you will have to repeat the spell every 4 hours
But I know
I live in 1000km away from the temblor's epicenter. 
Nonetheless I felt shakiness in my house. [We'd probably say it this way:] Nonetheless I felt my house shake. 
I pray for that damages won't extend any more."
I experienced so many things which were impossible in Japan
And now she is a freshman at Luther College
I hadn't ridden a bullet train in a while. (Use \"I had never\" when it was your first time ever
So I was worried that I might not see her...(I think it's more natural to use \"I was worried that ... [bad thing will happen]\". Or maybe \"I was worried about whether I could see her or not
Today was the first day of my lab's school year
This is the website of the lab. (This is the lab's website.\/Here's a link to the lab's website
The areas of research of this laboratory are Electric Power Equipment and High Electric Field phenomenon
I'm in my 4th year at Nagoya University now. (I'm a 4th year student at Nagoya University now.\/ I'm a NAgoya University senior now
I'm inexperienced and my research competence\/skill is not high enough
So I am going to knock myself out to learning as much as possible from great professors and seniors
My dream is to be a professor in the field of Electric Power Equipment and Asset management! (Both field or area are ok in this context, but region is probably best avoided
To realize my dream, I must do my best!!! (Also: I must do all that I can! I need to do my utmost!)"
I hope everyone had a great Christmas Day
The name of the band is \"celandaine
He is the lead vocalist of the band
And he also writes songs for the band
In a band competition which all teenage bands of Japan could enter, they were awarded first prize
So I am not sure if that name is proper English
Today I went to the YFU meeting for the long-term staying overseas students who are staying long-term here in Japan
They arrived here 2 months ago
And they are going back this winter
Wow... I can't. 
We talked about why they decided to come to Japan and what they liked of Japan
Most said that they really love the food of Japanese food
Fortunately, the exhibition of the Japanese art exhibition was held on the same floor of where we were having the meeting
And it was for free for all to admit. (Or, \"admittance fees were not required\"\/ \"It was free of charge
So I brought everyone into the exhibition
So if you blow at it, it will be destroyed
And he took the pictures of us for free (too
And then they treated us to matcha and cha-gashi by courtesy of them
It was a really good experience
And I really appreciate their many kindness to us!"
I get a cold
I get a cold. (are u still cold? get or it passed already --> got
So I take a day off to write a journal entry or So I'll take a day off to write a journal entry
Good night, everyone
I'm going to bed\/I'm going to sleep
I don't like  the rainy season
Many individuals believe that nuclear power plants are a considerable danger
The Chernobyl disaster left unforgettable damages due to the explosion of the plant and  the release of the radiation
Many countries, however, decided to reconsider of nuclear power plant development
So I wrote few lines along  related to the textbook
It was really hard to write an academic writing.  (It was really hard to write academically
But if I keep writing like this, I think I will get  a good score at on the TOEFL test
もちろんですよ！頑張ってください！＾＾
The weather forecast said the rain will go on for continue this week
I think it's a little bit early to set in for  the rainy season  to begin
I'm thinking of managing my daily schedules in English
I'm thinking of managing my daily schedules in English
So would you tell me how people usually write them in their notebooks
9:00～12:00 Group Discussion  about the  Hanai group at IB Room 101  
13:00 Go to the library and borrow a book on electromagnetism
How to get to  the 白鳥 garden 
Get off the subway at the 神宮西 station on the Mayjo Line
From the 4th exit,  walk straight for 10 minutes. (Take the 4th exit and walk straight for 10 minutes
Go across the 白鳥 bridge and then turn right
Shopping list
2  headset
3  gift for a friend
22:00 Go to the friend's house to recieve the  get  copies of his\/her notes
To do list
mail (email?)  to Liang
What do you think
I bettered my own TOEIC score! (More natural may be: I beat my own TOEIC score record
The day before yesterday, the results of the 153th TOEIC test was announced on the internet
The score of the TOEIC will be converted into the score of the English section
And 905 points will be converted to 100 out of 100
What I meant is I am finally ready to concentrate upon the entrance examination for graduate school 
We held a 2 day orientation of the YFU exchange student program
I met some former friends from high school
We talked about our senses of value. (More natural: We talked about our values\/values in life
And we talked about our future careers
My grandpa finally passed away. (Even if it's expected it's probably better to avoid saying 'finally' because it gives the impression that not only were you waiting, but also hoping for it to happen. And that's not so nice. 
I am going to see the cherry blossoms with my lab members and professors!!!"
I was transferred to the 3rd year of Nagoya University from Toyota National College of Technology last year
So last year I experienced my first campus life
At the beginning of the school year, I had almost no friends at the university
But now I am aurrounded by many friends, seniors and juniors
I received so many greetings yesterday. (It's good to remember with 'i' and 'e' that: \"It's i before e, except after c.\" It's a rhyme we learned in school. 
From friends, family, friends in US, my host family and so on
Those made me realized I have been supported by so many people
And those gave me plenty of motivation! (It depends on if you're talking about the people or the congratulations you received. If people, then \"And those really gave me a push (when I needed it)!\" or if the congrats: \"And those really pepped me!\" for example
I am going to set about taking the math section of the entrance examination for graduate school tomorrow
It's been 2 months since my last journal entry
Time flies very\/really fast
I've been through so many \"exciting\" experiences these days. (\"stimulative\" is a little unnatural here
But this margin is too small to contain all my experiences
Fermat's theorem! 
I've been concentrating on my graduation research (recently), staying overnight in the lab twice a week. (adding \"recently\" makes the sentence smoother
And the pains! ;p
Going to an Amusement park with exchange students
I had to do so many tough stuffs like doing a presentation in front of all of the lab members and professors
But they never stay long enough in my brain
I feel contented myself by reading the English, but in actual fact, I learned nothing
I guess I need to put more focus on studying English
The highlight of the rides is the roller coaster called \"Steel Dragon
It was in the Guinness Book as the world's tallest, fastest and longest roller coaster
Some of the beams? were broken
I am not good at such rides machines
But one of them the exchange students who is from Michigan really likes those kind of things
So I was dragged along too
I chickened right in front of the platform once
I had been having a fear for a long time
It was way more fun funner than I thought
It's been a while since the last time I wrote in my journal
I'm sorry about I haven't been able to give you any help for a month
But I'm done with all of my exams
This means the beginning of 2 months of spring break
I'm trying to write a jounal at least once in aevery 3 days
And I'll try to give you what any help I can
By the way, I found some beautiful lines written by Miyazawa Kenji
But I don't know how to put it them into English
Flowers raining in the sky, we call them stars
Stars shining on the earth, we call them flowers
Something like this that
What the Japanese government said and what the foreign press said differed in many accounts
Maybe the Japanese government has been trying to control information to avoid a panic
but this backfired. and
many people are disoriented. or possibly \"disconcerted
The Tokyo Electric Power Company was one of the most secured reliable large companies
but that day, it fell off failed
Now, nothing is certain."
In addition to the my last journal entry, my birthday happens to coincide with the end of the cherry blossom season, so all the cherry trees are in full blossom
I went out to the park with my friends to enjoy a picnic under the cherry blossoms on my birthday
The park was congested  with many people. (It's okay to use 'congest', although I personally find it a little weird. Another word to use is \"crowded
So it was not as if I could enjoying the pretty gardens
But people were having fun with beer bottles in their hands and the foods of nearby stalls
As the time went by, people are spending lesser time to appreciate nature. 意訳ですが
But they still have hearts to love and enjoy having fun with friends! (I don't quite understand this sentence
this was not what I was going to write
So, see you then!"
【PR】My best friend's band is releasing their major debut album on 4\/21
He is one of my best friends
We went to the same school and had been in the same class for five years
I wrote a journal entry about him and his band a while ago
At that time, I asked you for some help for the name of the major debut album on his behalf
He hopes his songs will be the fire and warmth in your heart
Enjoying our lives is \"an\" important thing
But while we live in \"a\" each nations, there are responsibilities and obligations
I really \"have to\" reflect \"up\"on myself about this."
The subject was \"Is it possible that each of the people all over the world to use the same amount of energy that a Japanese uses now
At no distant future a time may come when people will use up all the oil
But if the blade is damaged by lightning and needs replacement, the wind must be slight enough to undertake the repair work safely
This means that operating a wind power generator requires constant and powerful wind but it must be stopped periodically
So I think I should go to bed a bit than earlier tonight
I will write more about the energy problem sometime soon
I have appointment with doctor tomorrow morning
So I have to finish it tonight and leave him to turn it tomorrow morning
I haven't dinner yet
Sorry that I've been unable to correct your journals these days.(´；ω；｀
So correcting your journal entries from that computer is really hard to do.(´・ω・
So I'm thinking I will bring the laptop computer which I usually use at home to the lab, and leave it there for some time
Furthermore, my graduation research could be a kind of simulation stuff,I think. (Sorry, don't know what you are trying to say
YES
But I decided to do it to save my money
But it's gonna be much more powerful than the ones made by manufacturers
I'm thinking of using some wire shelves which I've kept outside
They are covered badly with rust so bad
I have a BBQ and hiking (to do) this weekend
I guess this is gonna take a while."
I didn't have a refrigerator
and so, I used to take my meals at the school cafeteria, or just buy some convenience food
And by gigantic city, I mean (it's) Tokyo
Feng-Sui derives from China, long time ago
But has been used in Japan since medieval times for a long time
Where the queer monk, 天海, rearranged the whole city of Edo under the Feng-Shui's doctrine
To make the long story short, he changed the names of places around the castle
He also placed many temples and Japanese style gardens under the Feng-Sui style
Though many of Japanese are not aware of it
I was at the \"Tacos Party\" last night
All the participants works for YFU as a volunteers
The second picture is of the handmade tiramisu
One of them had the birthday recently had his\/her birthday
It was not only tacos party, but also her birthday party
It's been a week since the last time I wrote a jounal
Last Thursday, I was present at the party.Last Thursday, I went to a party
That party was aimed for learnig English conversation!The party was to help us practice English conversation
ThisThese kind of parties are held periodically
But this was my first time to take part in one
And I waited for them about 30 minutes underin the cold wether
We could drink as much many drinks as we wanted
I drunk littersdrank litres of Gin and Tonic
We onlyjust had English conversations
But also it was fun to talk with Japanese people who are interested in English
I forgot about that this was my firtst time and enjoyed speaking English
Those pictures were taken at there
I am the guy who is accidentally kissing with the 42 year old guy in the second picture.) 
Around 22:30, people started leaving. if not they were missing the last trains.If they didn't, they would miss the last trains
Then wemoved to the next place
We walked about 10 or 20 minutes with a straggeringly!Lol - i don't know what you're saying here! 
We talked about many funny things (mostly indecent things) at there
We stayed at there until morning
I have TOEIC test in a months
I didn't  write a journal entry last night.ｐ(≧ヘ≦。)ｑ
But the computer which was provided for me by the lab was really slow
I tried to uninstall some applications and did a virus check (too). (It will sound more natural if you add \"too\" at the back of your sentence
It took a couple of hours. (This is a set phrase, \"a couple of ...\", \"a set of...\", \"a dozen of...\" etc etc
Then the workshop started
When I got to home, it was (already) past 10 p.m. (＞、＜
I still could write a journal entry but I was too exhausted
I need to be more steady
And sleeps for only an hour
He says his bed is too comfortable so
He might sleep for more than an hour if he sleeps in the bed
I don't know if an hour is enough for me
I feel proud of Japan's culture
I also feel sad for the losses of that culture
The Golden Week starts tomorrow
There are many different theories regarding what motiveates human beings to act in the ways in the what they do
I agree with the latter position because all human societal activities are directly or indirectly involved with other people around us. これの方がいいと思うけど。
Ultimately any kind of human actions are is molded by affection to from others
And I'm in the middle of the section about \"Introduction.\" hehe!　（省略しても大丈夫だと思うよ）
Now I'm writing a paper about the currents state and futeure prospects of the energy supprly in Japan
格好いいな！＾＾難しいトピックじゃない？
The more I learn, the more obvious it is that the development of the nuclear power plant is reasonable
いえいえ、ちゃんとできました！＾＾
But, \"Haste makes wastes!\",\"Stay calm!\" and \"Be cool!\""
Most of people say Eminem is one of the coarsest rappers in the history of music because of his behavior, words and his songs which are studded with insults
He has put affronts upon affronted\/insulted many celebrities in his songs such as Michael Jackson, Elvis Presley and even his ex-wife. \"Put affronts upon\" might not be incorrect (I didn't check) but it sounds awkward
A song which is in on his 3rd album, however, shows those of his insults might be not his real intention. I think people usually say that a song is on an album, not in it
This song which you might have not heard of is named \"Hailey's Song
Hailey\" is his daughter's name
Please turn off or put your cellphone into silent mode while watching the show music video. (I think \"show\" is for something longer --like a TV program
the \"Hailey's Song
There is a huge forest where no one can trespass on its holy ground in the middle of a capital city which is well-known worldwide
The priest is a direct descendant of the the world's oldest dynasty, and he is also the only emperor who exists in the whole world now
There are three holy durables called \"The Three Sacred Treasures
Those are owned by the emperor and have been passed from generation to generation
Each of them is being guarded closely at the ancient sanctuaries and they are regarded untouchable
The gigantic city itself has also been closely protected by layered magics by a  sublime wizard since it was established
So it is an artificial city defended by magic
It is of unprecedented scale and no other such city is longer in existence, evenin the cradle of the magic."
sea shepard
I feel like they are doing such things just for fun (only
The First thing that I want to emphasize is there is no difference between a whale and a cow
Biologically they are both classified as mammals
Do you think it can be used as a reason to not kill it\/them
We have the culture to appreciate (?) all lives equally
April 1st is the day which called known as April Fools' Day
But I am not going to be a fool in this journal
April is the beginning of school season
I graduated from Nagoya University and got the degree of Bachelor of Engineering last month
Now I'm going to graduate school at Nagoya University
I learned many things during last year
They were not only special knowledges.I also learned more than just academics
My aim of for this year is \"learn a lot, and play a lot\" by using efficient time management!"
Midterms are finally over with! (When you say \"I am over with midterms\", this actually means \"I am fed up with midterms!\" and \"I will never study for\/write a midterm ever again!\" What I wrote is closer to what you meant, I think
Finally, the mid-terms are done over now
But not for this year
This year, it means, finally I can finally focus on my research
How about, \"Optimization of strategic maintenance of electrical equipments\"? 
I have no idea how to solve\/go about doing this yet
I have only 5 months to finish this
So I have no time to repose! [Although, \"repose\" work--it sounds odd in everyday language. I think a better word to use would be \"rest
I haven't touched my electricalelectronic dictionary these days
This means I haven't used English these days for some time. 
Learning English is unavoidable for my future. (It's a bit awkward to use \"not avoidable\" where you can use \"unavoidable\" IMHO
I have to spend more time on learning\/my English! (This sounds more natural to me)"
It has been really cold until last week
In the middle of April, It's usually warm enough to go out with wearing only a long-sleeved shirt or sometimes a casual jacket over here
But on the day of last week, it was so cold that I needed to wear a down jacket even though it's already spring! (I think an exclamation mark is more suitable here ;p
Today, the professor of the energy transforming engineering class told us some of his doubts on global warming
He described it from the viewpoints of the number of the sunspots, the axis of the earth and the earth's yearly spins 
He said that the earth is facing a global cooling now (instead of global warming). (It will make your sentence more complete if you add the blue words behind
He said it will induce a rather cool summer all over the world
The weather forecast said tomorrow is gonna be cold
I just can't wait for the nice warm spring!"
We took part in it under the YFU, (the comma here makes the sentence easier to understand) which was the exchange organization that took care of me while I was staying in America
I have been told that we were supposed to explain the activities of the YFU to students  who were interested in studying abroad
We have held such a meeting last month
So we thought that this would proceed as easily as last month's meeting
But it wasn't\/didn't
Actually this event was like a kind of extracurricular activities to the highschool girls
There were a lot of other organizations such as the group of Japanese drum players, the welfare workers and a rival organization that is called AFS
But all of them were mostly for people who wanted to study abroad
So the contents of slide show\/presentation which we prepared were mostly about how to apply for the YFU exchange program, the history of the YFU and the structure of the organization
So it was a serious type of thing and wasn't a fun thing at all
The rival organization, AFS, on the other hand, was doing really fun stuff
We totally misunderstood the purpose of the event
We felt as if we were lying on a bed of thorns."
Last Saturday, we held a Christmas Party for the exchange students
There were nine exchage students staying in the Tokai area through YFU
YFU is the one of the world's largest exchange organizations
Three years ago, I went to America for a year as an exchange student through YFU
I really appreciate to them
So, to replay and express my feeling of gratitude, I'm working for YFU as a volunteer now
These exchange students are returning to their homelandhomeat the beginning of next month
So we wanted them to have one more another precious memory of Japan <to take home with them
That was why we held the christmas party
A previous YFU exchange student now runs a cafe in Nagoya, he let us use his hall for the party
It was a really nice place
It had a nice interior with cool drawings painted all over the walls
Maybe these are drawn by themselvesthey were originals
Over 30 people came to the Christmas party, it was lovely
The foreign exchange students brang their friends - their age ranged from my age to over 50
We provided them with many snacks ,juices and Japanese traditional food like Temaki-Sushi
We had a game called \" Russian roulette wasabi cream puff
Wasabi is Japanese horseradish
It is really pungent spicy
After game,we enjoyed chatting with each other and the hall rung with the sound of laughter
One of the exchange students had a birthday on that day
So we celebrated her 17th birthday with a very cute birthday cake
I hope we made an unforgettable memory for them
I want to thank everyone who helped make this such successful party. 
I parked on the street (around\/near from) the university
And (place) where I parked was only 2 meters away from the crossroad
I (had) to pay the penalty of it (for this)｡ﾟ(ﾟ´Д｀ﾟ)ﾟ｡
The fine of (illegal) parking (is\/was) ￥18000
That was) so expensive
But I (had) to accept (that\/it), otherwise I (would got) arrested
Oh man, If I didn't commit (it), I could buy another monitor (and\/or) a graphic board!!! ---> are u for real?! 
Oh, just in case, I will upload the picture of the area that you are not allowed to park
Be careful when you park your car on (the\/that) road!"
Last week we recieved a his health screening report, and it showed some unusual numerical values.*Note: Your sentences were fine, but I might write the two sentences this way
It showed some unusual numerical values
The doctor said he has the metastasis spread of cancer of all around his body
The doctor also said his days are numbered, 3 months at the most
I'm really proud of him. my grandpa
He has given me a lot of help in life
When I hoped to study abroad in America, he was the one who approved and paid all of the expenses
He also paid my tuition fees, and what's more he is saving to prepare for my graduation school fees
When I got back from one year of studying abroad, I visited my grandparents first
He took one look at me, and suddenly he stormed about my hair color
Can you yell at the grandson you haven't seen for a whole year
He couldn't overlook that I seemed to have changed my identity and lost my pride in being Japanese
So next day, I had my hair cut really short, and dyed it black
Then I visited them again and apologized
Because I think it is part of the Japanese identity
He brought me up
I have never faced such a situation before, that someone who is really close to me is dying
At first, I kind of lost my grasp of what I was facing
I couldn't think of what I should tell him
Strangely enough I haven't been terribly grieved this week
Because I was too busy with my university stuff and other work I'm responsible for
I really appriciate what he has given me
And his innermost thoughts are living in me
Of course I wasn't going to cry
I was going there relieve him
When I saw him and his gaunt face, I couldn't check the flow of tears
I've realized what I am facing, he is passing away
I couldn't tell him what I was going to say well because the tears kept interefering
And also I realized I can not possibly put my gratitude into words
I vowed to work as much as I could and contribute to the world to his face
Beyond that, I could only tell him \" Thank you for everything, everything you have given me.\" And I left his house with saying \" See you later
If I were to die tomorrow, I would feel that I haven't yet shared enough of what my grandpa has given to me. couldn't put what he had gave to me to account enough
So I decided to try to take more oppotunities to tell my friends, my juniors and you who is reading my diary, what I learned until now
And I'll try harder to leave more things in this world
I represent my honorable grandpa
I should never disgrace his honour
Today I had my third time of the English conversation class
日に一画足して9個漢字を作るという問題がとけません。
First we were given a piece of paper which is written the article (where an article was printed) but some sentences are blanked (were left blank
Then the teacher read the article to us, and we filled in the blanks. [ I had never thought about \"filled in\" and \"filled out\" before. That's the beauty (one of the beauties) of Lang-8. You see your native language in a new light! The two phrases are almost alike. I would use \"fill in\" when completing a puzzle, and \"fill out\" for a job application or for a new doctor's file, information about yourself. ] 
And we filled out (in) the blanks
雨の日も、風の日も、靴の紐。[Japanese-style pun]. I think it is punny
Oh, there is a home work (homework) due next week
Then it hit me.\" [ \"Then it hit me\" is an expression that means \"I quickly realized.\" The pun here is that both the ball and the realization that the ball looked bigger because it was coming at you so fast (the nearer the ball comes, the closer you are to getting hit with it) both \"hit you\" at once -- the ball physically hit you and the realization mentally hit you. Here's another example: \"I wondered where I had left my umbrella. I searched the house. No luck. Then \"it hit me\" (I quickly, suddenly realized) I'd left it under my car seat.\" OR, \"I was daydreaming yesterday when suddenly a great idea hit me.\" (It came to me as fast as lightning.) 
直訳：「球が近づいていたら、頭が打かられた。」\"hit me\"は「気が付く」も「ぶつかれた」もと言う意味です。
My favorite one is, \"There was a sign on the lawn at a (the) drug re-hab center that said 'Keep off the Grass
Today I went to the Atsuta shrine and the Shiratori Japanese-style garden
A Shinto shrine is a structure which is made built as the house of kami-sama
It's placed in a It's only an hour from my house but I had never been there before
I love your photos!!! 
t I felt like \"the true colors of Japan\" was were there
Can I walk on this bridge
There Here are some rules about paying homage at a shrine
2 You have to must walk on the left side of the road because its center is for only the kami-sama to walk. may walk in the center
Then tap your hands twice , bow and make a wish with your desire in your heart
At this point, After you make your wish, you shouldn't speak your wish in voice. say it outloud
These are some of the conventions of Shinto
But I saw many people who didn't follow them
Japanese-style gardens are often made in imitation of the real scenery
And this is the biggest Japanese-style garden in Nagoya which that imitated the scenery of this area
It has a quaint atmosphere
I think leaves of the trees will be really beautiful when they will turn in autumn and it must be really beautiful
It's been 2 days since I met you, my brain is full of you
Because if I touch you I think everything I've established is gonna collapse
That fear could alienate you
If I had got on you in my birthday suit, 
being held by you until the moon set over the sea, and shared the panorama of the color of the sky
I would've not be feeling this gloom
Oh) How many times will I have more sleepless nights will I have
I cannot concentrate on anything else; but I'm just so in love with you
my dear new bed."
I'm not in a good shape
This morning I woke up with a horrible stomachache
So I ran into the bathroom as soon as I left the bed. 他の言い方： So I rushed into the bathroom the moment I left my bed\/woke up. (This is slightly more natural but your sentence is okay too
I didn't feel good since last Saturday
This happens periodically\/occasionally
It's like, only the air is being thin only around me becomes very thin
I can't center my focus\/concentrate on my studying\/revision
I made a promise to myself! 
On the day of my birthday, I decided to never fail to write a journal entry everyday
This was way I was in a hurry last night
It is the biggest priority for me to keep my promises
But I will keep it up
I will try to persevere through!!! (Using \"undaunted\" is a little weird here
Now it's 12:30 in Japan now
Or, \"I don't know what else I can say
It might be the best movie I've ever watched. [or \"ever seen
I have watched many movies. [or \"have seen
But I had never watched such a movie before. [seen
So I don't know how to comment on it
Actually, Radiohead’s Last Flowers is used as an ending song for the film
I've heard the news that Hollywood is remaking it with Daniel Radcliffe and Nicole Kidman
I'm sure it will fail
Because I'm sure that it is impossible to make this movie except in Japanese\/in Japan\/for a Japanese audience
What I'm trying to say is, even if you are a great chef, you can't make a Japanese dish with American seasoning
Ah, I can't quite express my feelings
There is only one thing that I am sure of
It is that I am glad that I could watch this movie
After we had lunch at 矢場とん, we went to the Nagoya Castle!　(You don't need 'the' since Nagoya is considered the name of the castle.) 
Perhaps I had been there before, but I didn't remember anything of it
They looked realistic. (They looked like the real thing
Then we moved to 栄 and went to the restaurant which serves a cake buffet
They served more than 15 kinds of cakes and we could eat as many as we wanted! (I think in all cases, instead of 'serve\/served', I would use 'have\/had' instead. Serving implies that it is handed over to you in person. And usually that's not the case with a buffet. 
They served cream puffs, custard puddings, short cakes, and many other cakes which I had never seen before
The clerks ,customers and everyone in the house sang birthday song toghether
We had plenty of cakes and a great time
Then we took 名無しさん and Porschla to the bus station and they departed for Takayama
They had a free day in Nagoya because the flight reserved would departure this afternoon
Depression
I feel tired the last These past few days, I have been very tired
Our school's rock club declared that I become next year the activities' leader of rock club next year
I have to host our club's Sea Music Festival activity. of Sea Music Festival
A lots of things around me :club,schoolwork,relationships,activity...... I have a lot of things going on right now: Activities Club, schoolwork, relationships, etc
I feel felt so tired and I cried several times
I don't have time to do for myself
How can I do it
I feel so depression depressed ."
How to Make Friends Titles are capitalized. 
When I was young, I found it very easy to make a new friend
However, it's more and more hard now
Why?, I think it is because of the lack of trust
When we are little, we even don't know what is right and what is wrong
In the other words, we can say we are childlish
But when we grow up, everything changes
In a word,I think the only way to solve this problem is empressement. (Empressement is a bit strange) "
But I feel very happy, because I have 
A reply to a letter 
Now I am thinking about my reply to the old lady
After the year changes, we will hear this greeting everywhere
On January 1st we get New Year's cards from friends and family
These greeting cards are usually made in December
We write about our present condition and thoughts, and print photos
on colorful greeting cards."
I'm sorry I haven't contacted you for a long time
All the Japanese know there are a lot of people 
And we appreciate their ongoing support, rescues, relief efforts and so on
All the Japanese are working together
and are wishing for the revival of our country
And I hope you're in good health
They looked very excited very much
But However, all the children became very quiet
It was the last content. (HUH 
I work as an MOT (Microsoft Office Trainer
The day before yesterday, I helped to make an examination list of Pigeon Racing
The fastest pigeon can be back from 1400K away in only 2 days
I was very surprised, not only by the distance, but also by their speed
Now I am trying to translate a letter from an old American old  lady
But I cannot understand what she says
What does she wish her letter would be different from
Does she considers think my letter is not good
She is a Christianity, and I am a Buddhist
So I wonder if she meant intends to say \"Merry Happy Xmas
A: Hi, my name is jhonson cauchJonathan Kellich. <--\"Kellich\" is just what it sounds like. I have no idea if that's what it is
B: I'm Lonson HillRob Warheela. <--Again, that's just what it sounds like to me. 
Our Windows is curiouseWe're Windows gurus
Our videos .....And what we do
is we going togo into the detailretail stores talk to people about our Microsoft techenologiestechnologies
Today we're will get a review asking pig at going to give you a sneak peek at the upcoming Windows operatingoperate system
Windows seven7 -- If Microsoft names something with a number, historically, it's always been displayed with just the number. 
You spoke up but thatabout what you wanted to see ourthe next virsonalversion of Windows
nowAnd our engineers are listened
Windows 7's is designed be faster, more livelereliable, and more conpartablecompatible, with more an adviseddevices and applications, and than ever before
We've designed it to help peopleyou to get your everyday tasks done more easily
For example, with the task bar inour test for our Windows seven7
they can depend on using more programs so often Now you can pin the programs you use most often
so they're really convinientconvenient to get itto
it was the new previous pageAnd with the new preview pane, It's easy at the all page you will have all windowns you have opened it at the same timeit's easier than ever to see all the windows that you have open at the same time
And then there is some staffs and staffs at the stuff that really stands upout
Like my favorite feature of Windows seven7, called Windows Touch
which interractive the conputerallows you to interact with the computer using ownonly your fingers
It's pretty awesome. does also simple at home up workingThere's also a simpler home network
now it is easier than ever before to share somethose documents, pictures, videoesvideos, music, even prirnersprinters, with anyone atin the family , from anyone atanywhere in the house
What windows seven is to suport theirWith Windows 7, and supported devices, you can get even better experience with the vice stageDevice Stage
When you preginent adviceplug in your device, you can alligator whenget an elegant window at the pop up  and customize  for advicesthat pops up, that's customized for that device
And it's also going to help toyou find some the making much videoesall the features on those devices, making it much easier to use
We hope you are as excited about theour next virsional windownsversion of Windows as we are
click onaround the site, and check some other videoesof the videos, so that you can see othersome of the new features at the windows sevencoming to Windows 7
we will update all the times so check out them  all the timesUpdates are going to be added all the time, so check back regularly
I've decided to write my dairy in English from now on 
Yesterday I was given a lot of adzuki beans by my neighborhood
So I tried cooking the Japanese sweet, \"ZenZai\", for the first time in my life
I washed the beans and boiled them it
I didn't know that the beans expands after boiling them
As soon as my husband saw watch it them, he shouted, \"Who can eat all of this all 
oh Wikipedia taught me that Zenzai is called \"red bean soup\" 
We eat it with by chopsticks 
not a Chinese spoon."
Please list what you consider to be the most common pets that people keep. (\"owning a pet\" is OK, but \"keeping a pet\" is more natural
In my country, dogs and cats are popular as pets
They have a long history of living with people
Not only because they have been a companion
but also because they have helped people be watchdogs, catch mice, and much more
and is the only goldfish that has the show.I don't know what you mean by 'The show'. Do you mean their own TV show
http:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=jnkGYVxRf9o Oh my God they're so cute! I want Ranchu babies
The babies are wholecompletely gray
In about three months later, they will be colored\" my friend said
I am looking forward to raising them!"
The test took place at the college I graduated from
After the test was over, I had about an hour before my husband would pick me up
So I visited a coffee shop I had used to visit 
It is named for a North European tableware maker
The shop keeper told me about Herend, so I told her that
I used to come there when I was a student
We talked abou our current situations
Thanks for a peaceful time."
environmental science, economics, biology, and international law
I was late for my environmental science class because I overslept this morning 
I decided to go to bed early tonight so I'm not late for English class tomorrow
Today, I had a part-time job ( ｡-ω-)-ω-)-ω-) (Usually, we would say \"Today, I had work.\" We usually do not differentiate between part-time and full-time work. If you do want to specify, then in the next sentence, I would say: \"I'm working part-time as a clerk in a doughnut shop
I'm working as a clerk in a doughnut shop, but today's sales were smaller than usual (*´；ェ；｀*) 
Please come to my shop
On my way home, I bought sushi and a side dish at half price from the supermarket
Today, I went shopping with a friend
On April 15th, when the new semester begins, so I need a new bag for carrying textbooks and PC
But I couldn't find a favorite one that I like
Although there were many bags in the shops, I didn't feel that their designs were good
I plan to buy a bag by via the internet shopping."
Actually, my original name is not Don
it is Dong Chun Kim. That is my Korean name
You may feel that my whole name is not easy to pronounce, so therefore, I have abbreviated it to Don
Wanting their offspring to live following the meaning, what the name means is the first priority when Korean fathers give name to their sons
If somebody asks me what makes me feel happy in my life, I would definitely respond saythat it is delicious foods that make me happy
I love not only the flavor of it, but also the atmosphere when I haveeat itwith my friends
While eating we also drink alcohol, chat and, of course, make joke
What I hate most in the Universe is the rat
no matter the size
New York
Last weekend, we went to New York
Of cores course we saw the Statue of Liberty
That It was very beautiful
There were many people in there
We went to Thomas Edison's laboratory \"West orange
There were many machines and many books in there
It was interesting
I want to go to NY again!!"
I like playing the piano
I began to play the piano at 6 years old
I like Chopin's music
Yesterday there was an athletic meeting at the Japanese school
But, they were it was delayed until next week
Because it was raining
I was very shocked
My friends were too
I hope next week it will be sunny
I went to the pool recently
because it was hot
It's nice to go to the pool during summer
But it's raining this afternoon
so we couldn't go to the pool."
I think I need to learn English
But I read English books too
because it is study I learn English from it
Japanese school's homework is very hard. The homework for Japanese school is very difficult. 
And it is a lot. There also a lot of homework to be done. 
It's so lucky!! I'm so lucky
This ellipses (...) is not necessary 
So shock!! It is so shocking to me."
We went to shopping
It is very cute
It was full of trees and nature
We were able to see deer
There were a lot of insects
We headed to the waterfall
It was beautiful
Today was tiring
but it was so interesting!"
My best friends are in Japan
I email them every day
Maybe they will come to here next summer
Please tell me if I can say this sentence like this
I know I can say this sentence like this
But can I say it like this
This is the best learning method for English."
Today, I had a quarrel with a friend who I have known for about 2 years. You could say \"one of my friends\", but you add a more detailed description afterwards, so the \"my\" is not necessary. It is more grammatically correct to say \"...a friend whom I have known...\" but this may sound too precise. Very few native speakers of English use this grammar rule any more
I met with him on the yahoo chess site, and we became friends
We used to go to swimming together at the beach sometimes, and at that time we were good friends. OR We went swimming
He is a foreigner and has lived in my country for a_long time, but he cannot speak the language very well, so we usually talk in English
But I noticed that he sometimes makes bad remarks about my country, and says bad things about our people
Everytimes I heard him say things like this, it was due to a misunderstanding, and I would explain to him: \"What you said is not accurate...\" \"such things\" is a bit formal. \"I would explain\" means \"I used to have the habit of explaining
he did_not change
The reason we quarrelled each othere today is that he sometimes says sarcastic things and uses trash talk. It is ok to use trash talk sometimes and to make jokes, but sometimes it hurts my feelings, so I asked him not to say such things even between friends. OR: The reason we argued with each othere is... \"sometimes it hurts\" is grammatically correct, but it places the pain in the present. You are talking about the past, so I think it would be better to say \"sometimes it hurt\" or \"sometimes it would hurt
But it did not work well, and our relationship finally collapsed
I do not think that we can rescue our relationship
It really is sad thing
Because It is not easy to find foreign friends in my country
so I was happy to have him as my friend. I have changed the wording so that you don't repeat the same expression. The meaning is still the same
I know that different countries have different customs, philosophies, and all that, \"and all that\" is rather casual speech. Coming immediately after a serious word like \"philosophies\" it implies \"this is a serious subject, but I don't want to make it heavy
so I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt in order to maintain our friendship. If you \"give someone the benefit of the doubt\" it means that you are not sure if the person is right or wrong (there is a doubt in your mind) but you decide to agree with the person anyway
But I couldn't stand what he said about me and about my country. \"I couldn't stand\" means that it made you too angry to remain friends. If you are talking about the reason for your quarrel today, then it would be better to say \"But today, I couldn't stand what he said... (and so we had a quarrel)\". If you mean that, in the past, you didn't appreciate what he said, but that it was not enough at the time to make you angry, then you need a slightly softer expression. For example: \"I found it hard to accept what he said... (but I did accept it)\". 
Of course I am not a perfect person, and I have my faults, but I couldn't accept what he said
So our relationship has collaped
Thanks for reading this
and if you have a simmiler similar experience, tell me something about your notion. (Instead of \"tell me something about your notion\", try \"tell me what you think\" or \"tell me what you think about this
I taught English to my junior high shcool studnet school students and I found this in the dictionary
walk' has the meaning 'to make something walk'. (or, \"walk\" can also mean \"to make something walk
Of cource course I know the meaning of the word 'walk
but I did not know this that it also has the meaning 'to make something walk' like in that example
when I am teaching English, I am also taught a new things by my students.
Today I got to know about this site at a Korean internet cafe
Many friends would be able to correct my diary entries, and I would be able to correct a Korean learner's entry too
I just started learning English at an English academy, hence i get to converse with native speakers\/with a native speaker
Speaking, however, is so hard for me
I had nothing to do so I stayed home all day and studied English grammar and memorized English words
She was born in the Heian period 
Sei-Syonagon wrote a famous essay, Makurano-soushi
Sei-syounagon served the Queen, Tyugu-Sadako[Tyugu=Queen
Today, I went shopping to buy a key ring, which has a sample food, with my friend
What is “Sample foods”
It is a fake of meals or foods like the photo above
In Japan, there is usually a showcase of sample foods in front of a restaurant. 
They are very similar to real meals
I have heard that foreign tourists are surprised to see them
And, it is not cheap, a small key ring costs over 700 yen(about 7 U
It is because they are handmade
A professional sample-food makers make each of them by their hands
We went to buy it for our native teacher from Urudu
He is leaving from Japan in this winter
So we wanted to give him something very Japanese
I start to  produce myself. ( produce yourself ??? a little bit strange
Mio loves tomato
Mio doesn't like janglejim. (What is janglejim
I had to translate a poem, 'Lines Left upon a Seat in a Yew Tree' by Wordsworth, into Japanese
I always struggle with the translation especially when it comes to the poetry
English is a very useful language when you try to express your feelings because one word has a lot of meanings, but when you try to analyse a poetry or something, it's so hard to find out what a word really means, I think
I don't like to mention anymore about my studies for now
I love both beer and wine, but recently beer doesn't suit me (anymore
Maybe it's because I'm not a young enough to drink a lot of beer anymore
It was a wine from Barcelona because I remembered one of my friends from Catalonia recommended it to me one day
I'm not sure if there is a person (who is) reading this. 【は～い！いるよ】
If you read this, I'm sorry my diary is not an interesting one, but I would like to recommend you the bottle of wine about which I mentioned above
Hana\" is a flower
She sometimes eats grass in my yard
But, I love Hanamy pet, Hana."
I must make an original CD
It have  has to be in  have English songs on it
I can't find any good songs in English
Please tell me some good songs
I wish it's song is famous. I want famous songs
Because I don't know almost  any English songs. (you could leave out \"Because\" and it would sound more natural
It's called \"ANGELS AND DEMONS
I am going to take pleasure in it. (\"enjoy it\" sounds more natural than \"take pleasure in it
Next, I want to watch the movie. (This phrase is better
Also, I want to read new books that Murakami Haruki wrote
The book's subject is \"1Q84
Michael Jackson has died
I turned twenty
And I  don't like  beer
But, I will try to drink delicious shochu with tonic water!"
Trip to Hong Kong
In fact, my wife comes from Hong Kong
We haven't visited her hometown in years. (Is this what you meant
In the beginning, I could enjoy western styles of foods like bread, cheese, and pizza, but after some time, I started to miss Korean foods so much
However, Korean foods were quite expensive and it was hard to find Korean restaurants
I think a lot of foreign people face similar difficulties in Korea if they come from small countries
They have something like congee, a lot of noodles, and many sea-oriented foods (\"seafoods
I still remember a course of 12 dishes we had at a banquet in Hong Kong."
I started to study English during my first year of the middle school. (More typical would be to name the grade\/form(? for British English; I'm an American), as in \"I started studying English in the sixth grade
It was very\/rather late compared to students these days. (\"Compare to,\" \"contrast with
Now they start to learn English at a much earlier age--even in the preschool or kindergarten
That may be the reason my conversation skills are not as good as my reading and writing skills. (Haha don't ask me why it's usually in the plural; it just is. 
I think any language should be acquired at an early age, at least before the child is 10 years old; otherwise, it will be a difficult task for him to speak the language as fluently as native speakers do. (Good job on getting this sentence structure correct.)"
Hopefully, I can improve my English writing skills and help other people with their Korean writing."
The This ritual came comes from the Chinese Confucianism
We have grown up reading some Chinese novels like \"Sam-Kuk-Ji\", and \"Seo-U-Ki.\" Even some old people were very proud of saying they read the book series for several times
Some people have thought believe that the Chinese have a bigger body are physically larger than Koreans. because we are in different ethnic groups
Around 10 years ago, I could have the had my first chance to meet Chinese, first, people from both Taiwan and then from mainland China
They spoke a language I could never didn't understand, which made me so wonder how the people from of our two nations were able to communicated for several thousands of years,  and at how much our so many cultures shared.could be transferred between two countries
Frankly, I got impression that they were poor and little tiny, but I started to enjoy their food, especially ones food from the \"Schezan\" area."
Hotel Japan
There are situations when I need to speak English
Nowadays, we have many guests from overseas, especially China and Korea
So, I recently began to study the Korean language, but I must admit that it is quite challenging
One day, I will write a submission\/diary in Korean."
Barium
Yesterday morning, I had a regular medical check-up and drank a lot of barium
It was taste tasted terrible and gave me discomfort in the upper abdomen
After I drank a lot of barium, I must had to be rolled sideways three times on the stage of the X-ray equipment
After rolling, the X-ray study is was started, and I must had to be rolled sideways a number of times for observation
After the X-ray study, I had to take strong laxatives
Since the inspector (doctor? technician?) said that you I must had to drink three liters of water today that day, despite my full stomach, I had to drink a lot of water
Yesterday was a heavy day for me."
I am very happy
However, my salary was reduced by 15 percent to ease the companies financial crisis
Then, my allowance was reduced 20 percent by my wife
I can not drink as frequently with my subordinates anymore
I will buy small cakes for my wife (and family), and I hope I can negotiate an increase in my allowance
I bought the blue-ray\/hard-disk recorder on installment last year, and will keep repaying my hire-purchase agreement from my allowance
Today, My wife will watch the TV program; SMAP-SMAP that was recorded by my wife at last night
I really hope my wife will increase my allowance."
Passport
In Japan, passports are only valid for a period of 10 years
My passport was out of date
I applied for a passport, and received a new one on Friday
I paid 16000 yen ($177) for it
How much do you have to pay for a  new passport
My company granted me the 2 week special vacation because it's my 20th anniversary on the job
I am planning to go to Malaysia with my family."
It is a rainy day
My softball game was called off because of the rain
The next game will be next Saturday morning
This season is bad because we've had one win and three losses. Or, We've had a bad season due to our 1-3 record. 
There are three games remaining. Or, There are three games left in the season
Our team is relegation-threatened. *I'm sorry, I don't really understand
We need three wins
but it is very difficult because the remaining teams are hard to beat. *Usually we don't start sentences with the word 'but' so in cases like this, you can combine it with the previous sentence."
My family will go to the Cherating Beach, Malaysia on summer vacation
We will be It will be our first time visiting to Malaysia
We will stay in Clubmet. at Club Med
I decided on the Clubmet Club Med because of their All-Inclusive accomodations. system by Clubmet
If you have information of about Cherating Beach, let me know
My family likes traveling
but we can not go to overseas every year
Then, so we is are trying to go abroad every several years instead
We have visited to Disney World three times
I and my wife are four times visit. My wife and I have visited it four times
But despite living in Japan, we have never visited to Tokyo Disneyland only three times
Disney World is a really dreamy place
It is exciting, fantastic, amazing, and hopeful
When we visited Disney World on the third time, we ate the lunch at the restaurant in the Cinderella's Castle
My daughter was very excited and enjoying enjoyed herself
I am appreciate for you to reading my poor English."
My daughter skipped two swimming classes of swiming club on today
She goes to the swimming club every week and she masteres the breaststroke, backstroke and butterfly stroke
Three years ago, she used floating tubes
It is difficult for me to master a new thing."
The library
The public library in my town has mail reservations and a delivery service
If I want to read a book, firstly I access the library's website of library
And Then, I search a for the book that I want to read in the library's collection of a library
I use the mail reservation and delivery service
The book is delivered at a convenience store near my house by a the library
and a the library sends tracking information to me. (Remember not to start your sentences with \"And\" when writing in English! This sentence can be fixed by adding it on to the previous sentence
And I go to the convenience store and receive a pick up the book
After I read a the book, I return it to the convenience store
It is a very good service
Today, I reserved eight romantic novels, and I will receive them on Friday
I will spent a lot of time this weekend reading books."
Hi everyone  I want to speak English, I hope you can help me."
Today is a holiday and I don't go to have school
I feel was so happy ^ ^ but now feel I'm so bored
Intro
Hi
I am new here
I'm trying to practice my English writing skills
I guess I have to come up with a subject that I need to write about and
Hopefully it is an interesting one
What I'm having a problem with in English is when to use \"the\" properly
As I write more in English, I hope to learn the right way to use \"the\" in the a sentence
For example, \"I browsed to a website, and   ordered  something
if  assume  here  that  it  was  a teddy bear  doll)  
So  I  wanted  to  call  them
If  I  say,  \"Hello  my name  is … 
I  am  a  Japanese
is  … 
Or \"○×△□？
Hahaha
So  I  made  my  own English  expression: \"Hello
When  I  ask  someone about  this, everyone says
Natives  seldom  say'As  for…' in  like cases like these.\" [Nope, we don't
Is there no expression like this? [Not used in the same way. In English, we'd normally set the topic with a full cluse. \"I ordered a teddy bear two weeks ago.\" That sets the topic like について in Japanese. Then we'd say \"But I haven't heard anything about it since then
Please  help  me if  possible briefly
How should we handle this
Sorry for  my  broken  English  
Regards  about  this  problem  and  about  correcting  my  sentences.(? ちょっと意味が分かりません
 The earthquake forecast ,2011,3,14
Please laugh at me and call me a fool
I made a conclusion about the relation between the earthquake and planet location
The  last year I wrote an entry about (I may have deleted it.) the statistics of potential global energy 
I researched the connection but I couldn't find
the exact frequency about between figures and earthquake
I researched this for a while, but because of this one exception I was unable to find the connection. 
The  last year I wondered if the big earthquake happened within
the highest and lowest numbers I gathered
But even now, I can not fully place my trust in these statistics
But the Big earthquake in 2010, and the one in Kobe and so on happened to occur at within one month of each other
I have already researched it 
Although it may be long ,the following is my conclusion 
① When universal global potential energy was around its highest or lowest ,the earthquake energy may have a tendency to increase
② The seabed fault(=slit) ,which is compensately vertical against mass circulation, moves (this is an assumption
③ Some patterns occasionally arise within the dates, but it is too difficult to find an exact correlation. 
※② is still suspicious 
※About ①, a few exceptions could not be found through this method
Please put your own thoughts into this as well. 
Thank you for reading this
500～600km far away, urban location here in Tokyo, that was not the earthquake. An innumerable amount of worms went underground and traveled from south to north. (I had difficulty understanding this part
Within 30 minutes, within 1 hour
I regret it now
These are glasses
What'  this  -o-o- ? What's this
These are glasses 
Somebody please tell me about ths sprit :these are 
※I  have remembered  that  I  was  taught  on first  year  at  juniorI, remember that I learned about them during my first year of Junior High school
exactly  may  have  been  what  called  plural  nown .It's what's called a plural noun
Please  tell me so I can fix this communication gap. 
   Today, It Rained
The rain has been coming down the whole day. (We wouldn't say \"without stopping\", because it's already stated
It is as though someone had a bucket filled with water and turned it upside on us! (I like this sentence. 
The bicycle shed got hit by the rain
It's like musical tympani instruments outside
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
Please try to sing in Japanese if you remember what is stated above .",null
I  shall add  one  more  question .",null
Why  do they not say, \"Do  is doe  ,a  female  deer.\" as  the  sentence  in  English ?",null
Even  I  feel   the  words  of  the  fact  for  the  words . 分かりません。　Even I　think that \"female deer\", is a fact for \"do\". I am sorry, I cannot understand what you wrote.",null
Are  these  the  clauses  of  the  sentence ? I am not sure.",null
Or  shortened  expression  , as  which  I  should  think ? - I think the parts like \"Do a deer, a female deer.\", is a short expression. Same with the others. ",null
 Hello - No need for a \"period\" in a title
Today  is August 7, 2010.7,August,2010
I  went  to  have  the  ninety  minutes of all you can eat food.  free  viking 
The  meat  was  cheap, but , and I put 50 grams of seaweed into my ramen soup. I took a lot! It was a whole cup full
私は（今日は ） バイキングを食べた（たべた）。
As  for  the  wasabi,  which  was for  spreading on  my sushis ,which  I  happenedly to have some left   over 
But So I  spreaded  it  on  the  free  cups  of  the  ice  cream  about  ○○○○○○times
I have  been  in  poor  health since then
Well, I  wish  that  you  have can  spend  a wonderful
（私は）体調が悪い（たいちょうがわるい=poor health）。
These seven hiragana are the first syllables of these important foods for health
Wakame is a kind of seaweeds and used as ingredients in miso soup
In a word, edible seaweeds is are good for health
By the way, chawanmushi is the one of the most famous steamed egg dishes in Japan
And, \"まごはやさしい\" also means a Japanese passage phrase
I'd like to take care of my health and stick to it out so that I can see my grandchildren's smile."
Hello everybody
Good Morning! I am from Thailand. My name is Jirawut. I have decided to practice writing in English here. I hope it will improve my English. I hope someone would help me. Next time I would write about beautiful places in Thailand
So all classes were cancelled
I want to go to school tomorrow
I hope it is sunny!"
Waiting for him is what she hates the most
She looks again at the old clock
The silence is surrounding her, and she can can't help trembling while she thinks about him
The living-room living room is cold, so is she
Her voice is a whisper that disappears into the living-room living room like a dream does when the night is over
She can can't stand it anymore and turns on the tv, and her eyes got become fixed on the screen
Breathless, she finally arrives there to find him putting taking his shoes off and she’s unable to control herself and holds him so tightly that he can't breathe
Smiling, the boy kisses her head and pulls her away softy “It’s late, you should be sleeping, not waiting for me” he says tenderly “You know I won’t be sleeping until you’ll be here you're here.\" Narrowing his eyes, the boy walks through the corridor until he realizes the TV is still on
In silence, he crosses the door and his eyes glued on the screen
There, he holds her tightly making her smile
“Now that you’re here I can sleep”
I'm alive
I'm alive
bonjour à tous! (or: \"Bonjour tout le monde
I'm not dead
Haha
I'm hardly ever active on here, but I always check my inbox, messages, and watch all the new submissions
I don't like this place, it is so different from the blogs that I have used before and it can't be open under other browsers except IE
All I feel here is sadness and nostalgia
However, I'm sure I'll upload stuff, and try to comment
All I do is stalk and +fav these days
I am an extremely positive soul now. A lot has changed, a lot has happened, a lot has made me realize where I'd been going wrong with for a very long time
I feel my life is a lot more fulfilling and just generally better
I love growing and learning, there is no better feeling then being able to look at yourself, at how you were, and how you are now, and see the positive changes you are able to implement upon yourself through time and experience
No matter how society changes, there are things which haven't changed through times; the sense of following rules, morality, public spiritness, consideration towards others, the upholding of human rights, the awe in things which have powers beyond human-beings and the love for our hometown's nature and culture
Education is being needed to foster these social characters and enrich human minds according to each of the children development stages
A Long time has passed since I wrote a the last diary before...OR ...since I last wrote a diary
As I wanna be a teacher, I definitely need to improve my English skills, especially in writing and speaking skills
Is it possible that I can improve with just by simply writing n writing, like this way? a lot in here
If you took bothered to correct my English on this website in here, how would I learn from it
Just watch read and say thanks
Or should I remember all mistakes (every mistake
But I'm kind of depressed and am upset, not knowing what to do..I'm kind of depressed and upset = I'm kind of depressed and I'm kind of upset
If u might have any opinions, please don't hesitate to tell let me know, please
Music preference are varies among on people. Or you can say \"Music preference depends on various people
Each person has their own preference of music) 
Well, I'm not a good speaker in either English or Japanese. (You use either in negative sentences and both in positive sentences
At the moment, I have forgotten what a real conversation is like
It's going to be a long story
Anyway, i can't enjoy conversations, whoever I talk to
My mind wanders
How do you overcome these feelings
We went to one of my favourite restaurants in Sannomiya where we ate Gyoza and Chinese dumpling
I'll tell you about it
During my class, my students had to give their presentations
First, I'll explain about this class
Well this class is an International class
So some of them are very skilled in their use of English and they are even better than I am
This class has 4 teachers including myself
So my role is a kind of easy
I usually help them with their computers
So I don't usually use English in this class, which was a kind of relief for me
After they finished thier presentations, the other teachers started giving comments and feedback about their presentations
I didn't expect that I would have to give comments in front of them
So when the other teacher asked me to give comments suddenly, I got so nervous 
Ah, I enjoyed it very much
I regret that I couldn't speak English freely and give longer, more decent and appropriate comments
I noticed that a few of them laughed at me
I want to be more fluent 
Things I am concerned about
I am worried about alot of things
So I have to concentrate on my work but, I am always sleepy, so i can't
I think some of you might say like this
You're sleepy
However, for me, it is something.(different
I get really sleepy all the time during classes
i know I should concentrate on what I am doing, but I can't
I can't even speak Japanese very well when I am sleepy and I'm Japanese
Yes I am I have to admit it's true, which is so annoying for me
This situation has happened ever since I discovered I had a mental illnes, which was 4 years ago now
Although the sickness seems to have disappeared already, I am still sleepy and tire easily
So sometimes when I teach them I really get confused with what to do or what should be done in this situation
That's the problem
I don't wanna look like a weirdo
I am wondering if the quality of my sleep is not good enough for me to function properly during the day
I really want to have some sound sleep
①Although it's gradual, various trials which seek out a reform of education have begun in schools of each area
If the ideas or devices of teachers and lecturers accord with the expectations from children and parents, these trials might have good effects
At first, I suggest it is important to let children study what to learn, how to think and how to express themselves."
Looking back on this the last 30 years, I cannot help but be surprised at the intensive changes of the suburbs of Tokyo
You cannot see the reminiscence of old fields unless you go far from the central center of the city
For our country, it's extremely important to increase mutual understandings between nations through international exchange and advertising activities in each field and it is also important to build friendly relationships based on mutual trust
I wasn't able to do my best as I was so nervous and this was partly because I realized that I was not so serious
The reason why I said I wasn't serious about taking tests is that I didn't have a specific goal for my future
It's kinda like, I felt I have been forced to do everything
It's been a big problem for me for a long time
Today when I was studying English, I realized that I wasn't eligible to become a teacher because I am not good at conversation
I think I'm not qualified to become a teacher unless I enjoy conversation
If you don't have communication skill, you shouldn't be teaching
As I came to the above conclusion this afternoon, I went to a church where I hang out a lot
There I decided to talk about what I have in mind more positively
Next time, I'm going to talk to a person who I am attracted to
There are some troublesome things for foreigners who are going to live in Japan , one of which is trouble (in understanding things) due to not being good at Japanese
It is difficult for them to deal with things like putting out garbage where there are different rules for each area, and being able to communicate well with neighbors
Today in Kobe city, we have an annual big event, the Fireworks Festival
So I am going to wear a yukata, which is traditional Japanese clothing for wearing in summertime
We need to be able to train people to state their own opinions confidently in English to foreigners ,and to explain and convince others about circumstances peculiar to Japan
Even if a teacher has a higher skill of teaching, it might often not do well if there is no connection between a teacher and a students' mind
In order for that, teacher's skillful questions and feedback are to be welcomed by children. Mutual trust must be needed as a first step."
What makes me worry about English study is that, recently the number of people who emphasize 'usefulness' on English study has been increasing and a fundamental problem of what language study means to human has been leaving
Family plays a very important role in the sound growth of juveniles.→A family plays a very important role in fostering the mind of youngsters
Parents centered family, members of which help each other, helps to foster a considerate mind towards family in child's heart.→A family, whose member cooperate with each other well, is good for developing a mind with sympathy toward family."
According to my experience, there is very little chance that something you saved, thinking it would be useful afterwards, is actually useful
The reason why we make tidy something up is because we may want to reuse it afterwards
When you actually make the effort to thrown something out, it is a very refreshing feeling."
Regarding the title; I wanted to write 'about my recent self
First, I took some interviews and passed them
And so, I'm going to be a teacher at a high school from next year
I will try hard but I am not trying too hard so that I won't be disappointed
Secondly, I went to a concert which took place in Sanomiya city
Tha band I saw was called Kirinji, which is not so famous even among Japanese
They are consist of the Horigome brothers
I have been in love with them for almost 4 years
Their music is a kind of complicated
Jazz, pop, rock, fusion, techno
everything is in it
Because of their highly sophisticated style of music, lots of professional musicians praise them
However, because it's so complicated and they wouldn't show up so often on TV or any given media, 
Thus,they are not very famous
Anyway, I am very fond of them
Although I usually don't like going to watch any concert as I can't bear standing all the time (as much as 2 hours), 
Kirinji's show was wonderful
How can they create such an exquisite music
How would you develope the listening skill of your students
It's been a long time since I wrote my last diary
The exam, which was for becoming a teacher, has finished
It was because of the interviewer's severe questions
Although it's getting cooler, the heat makes me feel listless all the time."
There are unexpectedly many are a surprisingly large amount people who believe that they can control
However, once they get sick, they would realize that they are dominated by the rule which they cannot control even their bodies
The ability to be loved by people is perhaps one of the most valuable abilities you could equip
If it were not for the your abilities, your talent, no matter how wonderful it is, might be lost on a large scale."
You were supposed to put unburnedable garbage into the specific bin, weren't you
As I wrote in my last diary, the students are so nice
Some are so cute that I would like to go out with them if it was not illegal
I am so nervous that I can't speak English well, even I can't speak Japanese very well
Though I am getting used to standing and teaching in front of them. Still it's embarrasing and I feel nervous
I really want to get to know and make a good relationship with them
However, I feel so isolated that I can't open my heart nor relax myself
I know I should interact with ALTs and improve my English, but I'm so tired that I am not able to communicate smoothly
So I have decided to wake up earlier and do some exercises
It is said that doing some exercise in the morning will make us heathier
①In terms of history, the Democracy has been made(founded?) very recently
At the stage of the age,  among the first words what that children utter, there come words such as 'my' and 'mine'  "
Considering both, I prefer the later one
We spent almost all day practicing because it has been a long time to meet together
We are supposed to play our song in the ceremony, which will be fun for us and the guests
After the practice,we went to a Karaoke
I'm not good at singing, so but I wanna be good
It would be great if anyone who sees this diary correct my mistakes
I don't know whether i want to be a teacher or not in a true sense. (It sounds more natural
What's even worse is the fact that I am getting old. (\"even\" emphasizes how worse it is
I am a bit too old age to change my career. (\"Jobs\" are short-term things. \"Careers\" are long-term professions that you go to college for, such as being a lawyer or doctor
Of course, there is the current recession in Japan, which complicates things
Right now, I am working as a tutor at a high school prep and so on
But the job is just only temporary one. So, it's unstable, you know. (Try not to start sentences with \"and\" \"but\" or \"or
I need to get a proper job that will be enough to make a living off of
So, once in a while, I get miserably depressed. (Kanashii wa
Since yesterday, I have been down
But I have realized that life goes on no matter how depressed you get or how worried you are about your future
No matter how many times you worry, sometimes you can achieve at what you want to and sometimes you cannot
Still, life goes on
So all I have to do now is just to do what I can do for now. (Sounds more natural
That's the essential key to facing my problem
It's not so positive, but my problem is a challenging on. Isn't it
Do you have any diseases
According to an announcement from the Ministry of Labor and Health, about 30 percent out of 120 million Japanese have some health issues such as high pressure, backache(腰痛？), sore shoulder, disorder of the eyes and so on because of aging, stress and overworking
Long Time No See
It's been a long time since I last wrote my diary. 
I think I use the same phrase all the time whenever I start my diary. 
Well, I will talk about recent happenings in my life. 
I've just begun teaching in high school
I am having fun in school
Students are so nice and obedient, which is very good for me since I am a beginner
But things aren`t always good. 
First, students are very very good at English because this school is well known for its high-standard English education
So it's hard for me to teach them as some of them are even better than I am
There are some students who grew up abroad
In terms of speaking, I feel inferior to them
Today, the cold deteriorates my cold is worse because I helped the my senior till late time yesterday
I helped to edit the video what celebrates the edit a video celebrating my senior's friends getting marry.wedding
So my condition is broken at bad since noon when I went to work
I were was sleeping till I want back home this afternoon
Now that I eat some have eaten some light diner, and I will go to bed to be quiet. (not sure what this part means, do you mean you're going to sleep so you can feel better more quickly
Trying too hard is too bad. too hard itself
Now JAPAN falls into serious crisis 
I have no problems because I live in Nara
But my grandfather lives in Fukushima
Fukushima is very close to the center of the earthquake
I only keep researching the information about this area."
failures into seeds of success and bring happiness (in)to your life
hardships of life leave you feeling depressed, you can feel much better you can improve your life by 
Then, your discouraging experiences can become an essential step towards the 
So, I am always trying to keep staying stay positive 
Now, I am an optimistic person, but I used to be easily depressed by (my) failures
However, I changed the my way of thinking after listening to a speech, which is was given by Steve Jobs, who is a founder and a CEO of Apple Computers
It is was really impressive and gives gave me the courage to keep (\"continue\" sounds a little better in this case because it's more proper\/formal
making an  efforts even if I face plights encounter challenges. (I think \"face plights\" makes sense but nobody says this
and hardships, but he taught me how to handle difficulties
He established Apple Computers when he was young, and enjoyed began to enjoy
But \/Then suddenly
Jobs (Perhaps \"work\"?) became extremely distressed stressful and he lost the will to do anything
He was determined to start again and so he 
struggled to survive because he liked his job very much
Then he 
launched a new company named \"Next\", and another company named 
Pixar afterward. such a discouraging event
The company he sold has become the foundation and been playing an important role in Apple. an important foundation for Apple
He addressed stated that if he had not been fired, Apple would not have become one of the most successful companies in the world
His story demonstrates that difficulties at the time can be an 
essential link to greater happiness and 
positive thinking paves the way 
for making greater success
Looking back in the past, he realized that his 
failures were not so bad and that they are were a necessary step towards his 
future current success
There is no need not to be depressed because after all, the 
sun always rises again
So, don't you think that it is ridiculous to get become (\"become\" has a more formal nuance so is better in a speech\") discouraged every time a difficulty may occur
Second, do not speak use depressing words
If you keep showing being optimistic, your optimism will grows
Why don’t you take actions
success and I make me happier in my the future
But if I am pessimistic, I cannot make full use of my experiences
So I want to look forward 
and stay positive in at any times
Anschließend Außerdem glaube ich, dass Kinder die gleichen Spielsachen bekommen sollen, egal ob sie Mädchen oder Jungen sind
I am a middle aged Japanese home maker who wants to improve English
I would appreciate it if you could help me
I would be happy to help you for to study Japanese 
Japan has been tackling an unprecedented triple disaster; earthquake, tsunami, and nuclear radiation leakage
I got up rather early this morning and went for shopping
There has been rumors that many vegs form norther Japan were contaminated by radioactive materials
But I have trusted the Government
I would like to buy new dictionary,because my digital dictionary is old
Moreover, I want to have dictionary which can translate a sentence from English to English
I can't make up my mind which dictionary format I want, digital or paper
Also, I have another question
What's the best way to study writing and speaking
I am a sophomore now
So, I would like to know about the system of undergraduate international students in your school
1, When I look at the application form for international students, there does not appear to be a 
regulation of the TOEFL score
Does this mean that do not evaluate TOEFL scores and that you only evaluate SAT scores? (don't is correct but in a formal writing like this do not is better
You only admit the score of SAT
2,If I would like to go to your school for 8 months beginning in the Fall semester of 2011, When I have to submit my entry seat for you
Please let me know
Thank you very much for your time
Because, I have a test for my university
Today, I have a test and I went to a department store to look for a diary for 2010
I found two good design diaryes diary designs
One is that a smiling girl lying down on the grass, the other is that a cute girl kissing a puppy
Hello, I have just started Lang-8
I would like to brush up on my english skill
Which do you think is better: writing my diary or other topics
today, I studied French and English because I have a test next week
I am having a tough time
Firstly, I think we need sports is need for us, because if you don't didn't move your body or exercise,you'll turn would be fat or unfit and it will harm would be bad influence for your health
Secondly,we need reflesh times. (I don't understand what you mean by reflesh) maybe you could try this --> 1) Another reason is, sports take away stress. 2) secondly, we need to relax
I think if we ... 1) don't have stress 2) relax ... we could study happily
I am a beginner and there is a little that I can do
1- Initial version of this photo
2- Blue eyes (not very good
3- Fantastic eyes
Year of Youth - for the development of any country is a very significant part of its history
From that what is now growing youth, depends on the future of the country
Can not limit us, otherwise the entire interest in all things is lost. --> We should not be limited
There is no incentive to do everything possible to for the(?)   country
I am an excellent student, studying in the 9th grade
Our class is like a small state, but in it, so small, there are misunderstandings and quarrels, which undermine our activities and friendship
Teachers help us learn school material - but it depends on our performance
Government, as the most important thing in our country, should pay attention to all professions, not just the fact that the benefit to them the ones that will benefit them
Only then will young people will be a great choice and great potential to reveal his their secretive talents
This year in Russia was done a year of youth and our teacher of Russian language Russian teacher gave us the job for the summer, to write an essay on the theme \"Year of Youth\" 
I apologize for my mistakes, I hope you were interested to read my essay. --> I hope it was interesting to read \/ I hope you were interested in reading my essay. 
Whenever I see the cat, my eyes feel itchy
A short time laterI can't stop having a runny nosefor a while
I already knew that I am allergic to cats
Does anyone know a medical treatment forcat allergies
Book Club: \"Me 2.0\" by Dan Schawbel
My book club meets today
The club meets once a month and has 10 members
Today we will discuss the book \"Me 2.0\" written by Dan Schawbel
I am a group facilitator
My purpose in today's meeting is to help others express their opinions rather than to give my own opinions
Has anyone read this book?"
I am so upset now that I don't know what I should do next.(If you use \"should\" here, it sounds more native
How can I find (the) time to repair my computer in these very busy days? (or you can say \"...in such busy days
I find that I'm a very unlucky man, I often buy some electronic products that go bad soon. (This sounds smoother
I'm (so) mad about it. (or \"It makes me (so) mad.\")"
In Memory of a Lantern Festival
How can there be a Lantern Festival
I can't be be there with with my family
I live around Osaka airport with my husband
I had been studying English at a school before, but my teacher has gone back to his country
so I was looking for some place where I can learn it
My friend succeeded at losing 10kg a year. (\"10kg a year\" is another way to say \"10kg per year\" or \"10kg every year\". You probably wanted to say either \"this year\" or \"last year
She has only a small portion of rice at dinner and has been running 30min at a time
I said I can't do that way for my diet, I don't like running. (another possibility is \"I can't do it that way
She said it's okay as long as you are running, even if it's so slow
I'm going to start it again, there is a nice river near my apartment
Now I try to only have tea instead of Coke when I can get a free drink. (Also fine: \"Now I try just having some tea
I ask the waiter and have only half of the normal amount of rice at restaurants, and a small portion of rice at dinner. (\"half of the rice at the restaurant\" is pretty understandable, but could be interpreted as \"(half of) (the rice at the restaurant)\", which is a lot of rice!)"
The website (what website? It sounds odd to say 'the website' with nothing introducing it) defines \"paternalism\" as the following: sentences
Moreover, according to “Guide to Cross Cultural Communication” which is written by Sana Reynolds and Deborah Valentine, there are two characteristics in “paternalism”.paternalism has two characteristics.What you wrote isn't wrong, but this way sounds more natural to me. Also, you don't need to put paternalism in quotes every time
First, people who have are more powerful control less powerful people. or, \"people who have more power control people with less power
Second, people who have the right to control less powerful people must take care of them. I'm just guessing that this is what you wanted to say, because \"take of them\" doesn't make sense
I have defined “paternalism” up to now. This is essentially what \"paternalism\" is. Saying that you have defined it after such a short time when you said you would define it at the beginning sounds repetitive. You could also say, if you wanted to sound a bit more official, \"This is essentially what constitutes 'paternalism'\". 
Henceforth, I would like to write about a social issue in Japanese society in which I think “paternalism” is can be observed. If you say \"is observed\" it makes it sound like everyone is studying it very intently, as though they are worried about it, which I don't think is what you intended. 
I think “paternalism” is can still be observed in medicine. I'm a little confused as to why you have \"still\" here, as it implies that paternalism is dying out. Since there is no mention of this, it sounds a bit odd? If that's what you intended, then it's fine
This is because the doctor has confidence in my his ability. Since this is a general statement, it sounds very strange to use \"my\".Whose ability are we talking about? The doctor's? 
Certainly, the doctor’s decision is sometimes right, but there are a few chances to misunderstand the condition of the patient. ways in which the patient's condition can be misunderstood. \"chances\" makes it sound like the doctor is trying to misunderstand. I can't think of a better word in place of \"chance\", so if I were to say this I'd put it into the passive as such
It is sunny today in Tokyo
I have had lunch, so I am very sleepy
It is bad for me because I still have many work that I have to do..."
Right now I am working on a special project for my work
I started it April 1st
I'm very confused because I don't know what I should do
I try to do what I can by myself!!!"
I had the an English test of english today
The test is toeic was a speaking and writing test
It was very difficult for me
I had to speak English through a microphone
And I had to type English sentences with my keyboard
It was so difficult, but I decided that I have to do this for every test every time so
I can improve my English
I will do my best !"
This is so strange for me
And it is so scary
I worry about it so much
I hope that it stops
Today, I started using Lang-8 for developing to improve my writing skills in English
During (the) summer season, fireworks events have been held throughout Japan
The event I went to yesterday with my girlfriend was called \"Tokyo bay Dai Hanabi Taikai\" and was the biggest fireworks event in Tokyo
There were so many people wearing \"yukata\" which is one of the traditional Japanese kimonos, but we did not wear yukata because it is troublesome to wear and move
We drank beers and enjoyed seeing watching the fireworks
today is my day off
I'm going to buy a present for a friend to congratulate her. (celebratory is a bit formal
one of my best friends got married
i wanna\/\"want to\" give her something that'll make her happy
I'm thinking of getting her a picture frame, kitchen goods, or maybe wine glasses
i can't decide what to buy
I'm going to take a massage with one of my friends from my university days
if I were rich, I would hire a masseuse,first of all☆
I'll be more beautiful and healthy
I managed to get away from reality during the holidays. (Your sentence is fine. This is just another way you can say it
My hobby is jogging, but I can't really do it now
Originally, about one and a half years ago
I started jogging
My goal was that i wanted to run the marathon (42.195km) sometime
I had been jogging 3 times a week in the morning
I found running very fun and healthy
One day i got lower backache while loading my car
I thought it would get better in time, but the pain stayed
Recently it has been getting better
I'm happy, i feel like i am ready to jog again
My Grandmother is 94 years old
She is 94 years old
She has been in hospital since last saturday
I am going to visit her tomorrow
When i was a child, she would baby sit me during the day while my mother was at work
I am very thankful to her and want her to live to be 100 years old."
I received the stimulus money (cash handout) from the government today
Yesterday, I talked with my wife about how we would use it
After talking it through, we decided to buy a video camera
I'm looking forward to recording my 1 year old daughter Nana
I love my daughter
This morning, I woke Nana at 7:10
But she didn't get up soon straight away. She seemed to need more sleep
When i said to her ,\"Nana, do you want juice
she suddenly got up and said \"juice!\" with a smile."
Recently i haven't listened to music much
I have been listening to the ESL podcast, which is freely downloadable from the internet
I listen to it in order to help master english listening
Before that i was listening to music
I enjoy B'z who are a japanese rock band
I like the beat in their songs and also enjoy the vocals
my favorite international musicians are
They are from the UK
Did you know that
I enjoy listening to music, but for now i have decided to listen to english music only
Tomorrow, I'll get CASH HANDOUTreceive stimulus money
Do Did you know this
The government willgives give me  44,000 yen, because I have a wife and a daughter
Happy and lucky
I went to shopping with my wife and my daughter
Today, I went to a language school for to register for a registing the course with my friend
and then, We drank coffee and talked in a cafe
If I am concerned about something, They were are always with me. (You could also say \"they are always there for me
I want to be a good friend to my friends as them
I love you guys!(I'm not sure if you meant to say \"I love guys\" but that would mean something like 남자를 사랑해요. I think you meant to say \"I love you guys\" which \"you guys\" would refer to the people you are speaking (or writing) to."
I like comic magazines
Yesterday was the sale date of my favorite comic magazine, \"LaLaDx
I bought it on my way home from work, and I read it as soon as I get got home
I can hardly wait for the next sale date
It is Shane West is the starring actor of that movie is
Recently I found that he is also appearing on ER
Today, I bought a the DVD of a movie,\"300
It's a movie with a about an historic event as, the battle of Thermopylae
I was so very excited seeing watching that movie
I like muscular body built bodies
Almost all the actors of that in the movie had a muscular body built bodies
So, it was so charming for me
I want to read the comic, \"300\", which is a original of that movie the movie is based on
I recently read a book on my way to work, called \"Dead Zone,\" which was written by Stephen King
I will read \"The Dark Tower\" after I read through (consider \"finish\") \"Dead Zone
I want to read a lot of books written by Stephen King
Today, one of  the meals in the cafeteria was \"Taiwan Ramen\" which is a hot food
I chose the meal and ate it
I expected is to be hot, but it was not (wasn't
or] I was surprised."
Is this a right expression
Today I had a conversation with a guy and he said, \"I'm about to finish my Japanese class for this semester
I'll take a break this summer and come back in September
So I told him \"Good
Keep it going ;)\" but after that I got kinda impression that I said something that I didn't actually mean to.(How did you get that impression? and What did you mean with that phrase
Here I meant \"その調子で頑張って\" by saying \"Keep it going!\" but is it actually a wrong expression?(You wrote the thing which meant \"keep it going!\"in Japanese,I cannot understand it.Can you say it in a different way in English please
I love Scandinavian furnitures
In These days, I am into Scandinavian furnitures
I love that they are sophisticated, cute and simply designed and that they do not get old quickly. I can also feel the warmth of the wood from them
Many antique Scandinavian pieces of furnitures are made by with rosewood, mahogany or teak wood, so they have different auras toward contemporary wooden furnitures
The colors of the woods is intermediate between oak and walnut, which are popular woods in contemporary furnitures
And Recently rosewood and teak are hard to find, so there are many funs for antique furnitures.(I'm not quite sure what you're trying to say by 'many funs
In some daysOne day, I would like to own Wegner’s bear chair, Finn Juhl’s poet sofa, etc
Since there are very expensive, I have to save money to get them
The typhoon has almost passed away
No wonder some people died or went missing
I want to see the shining sun shining as soon as possible
I wonder if I should try to make a sunshine doll called \"teruterubouzu\" in Japanese
I bought the drill of an English test drill on sale at half price at nearby BOOKOFF
It's been about a month since I began to take an English conversation lessons on over the Internet
I enjoy to speak speaking to my teachers almost every day."
Pizza is the treasure of Italy
It was my first time doing so
At first my friend, Kayo, made the pizza crust
She is good at cooking, and she often bakes breads
So she is familiar with making a dough
I just watched it
During fermentation, we prepared the toppings
cuttting tomatoes, egg apples, mozzarella cheese and salami. What is an \"egg apple\"? @0
I just watched it
We put a lot of toppings on the pizza and burned it
After 30 minutes, we were surprised because the pizza was burned black, especially the salami
It didn't even taste very good
But we enjoyed making it
We will succeed it next time
Yesterday, I went to Anjo city in Aichi prefecture to meet my friend, Hiroshi
I met him after so a long interval,maybe since last year
We went to a Japanese bar
restraunt
An \"izakaya\". (Perhaps the best equivalent to this would be \"Bar and grill
We talked about a lot of things about like our job, new life, girlfriend, other (use another if you're only talking about 1 friend)friends and so on
In addition, Izakaya's(Only capitalize the 1st letter) menu food was very delicious!＊ menu is very delicious!の意味はメニュは本当に美味しかった。
We ate fried chicken with tartar sauce, fried head of  shrimps, salad, okonomiyaki, etc
All the things we ate were very good
We drunk a lot of alcohol, so we slept as if we were dead
I spent the time relaxing time with my best friend
My hobbies are driving a cars, and watching and movies
I wanna be a worldwide scientist, but my English is so poor
Because of job-hunting, I've stopped my experiments
I got a job offer that is a researcher in a pharmaceutical company
So I will restart my experiment
I've still continued job-hunting to get researcher job in a big pharmaceutical company. I will still continue my job-hunt in order to get a researcher job at a big pharmaceutical company. 
I'm really happy to do my experiment now.＾＾
How do you do? I'm Jupiter
Why? Just because I like the word
Well, that's a first and all it for today."
Yesterday, I donated my blood, hoping my blood can it could save someone's life, for the first time year in the year 2011
The Japanese Constitution allows anyone whose age is over 16 to donate blood of 200cc of blood."
having bamboo flute (shakuhachi) repaired
Wooden musical instruments often crack because of quick changes of temperature
This bamboo flute would be my grandfather's father's -and I received to it as an inheritance
Today I am going to a repair shop to ask if this bamboo flute can be repaired."
Yesterday found me discussing the history and customs of the bamboo flute's history and custom with a craftsman and teacher of bamboo flute, until the twilight
This The following is a little part of our conversation,as follows
The bamboo flute is not so as difficult as you might have thought
It's fascinating. About 600 people practice it in California, according to my pupil teaching in  California who teaches there
I'm involved in the Revival of the Orthodox Bamboo Flute in China
and so on till Our conversation continued in this manner, until we noticed the twilight was coming．It was pretty constructing informative\/interesting\/constructive！"
An English Wordbook in Japan
This book introduces slang words and lines that are used in the movie \"Full Metal Jacket
Any other. Another is
I think these books are for Otaku and are not suited for leaning languages
Just funny
By the way
are there such books like that in other countries
And do you want to read such wordbooks for learning other languages?"
Today is a beautiful and sunny day and Saturday
I usually spend my weekends to go going shopping or doing exercises or just relaxing
I always think that to keep keeping an English diary in English is a good way to practice my English skills
But, unfortunately, I somehow didn't do it.quit in a way to do it
Therefore, I chose to join in this Lang-8
But my English was did not improve.First, one thing that I felt was that I am not afraid of  English anymore even thought I could not (could not what?) what people said
In other words, I do not care about the surrouding people around me
I don't know if it is good or bad
I have still been am still eagerly wishing that I wish I could use English like a as native
Second, I am going to go shopping
I hope I will have a good weekend, and so will also all of you have that too !"
在我住在的地方梅雨期结束了！
真正的夏天／夏季要开始了。
因为地震的影响，我们在日本推广省电运动。
所以，在事务室里可以不用穿得太正式。
但是，不能穿Ｔ恤，我想穿T恤做工作啊。
在中国，一般大家已经做coolbiz了呀！
我看，很多人工作时也穿了很凉快的衣服啊。
As foreign people also may know, there are a lot of situations to use the Microsoft Power Point in presentations
The revolutionary software has been very useful to display information effectively and provocatively to the audience
I also often use the application conveniently, although, I have a big problem with using the software when translating Japanese material into English one
I often translate Power Point documents in Japanese to English
Mistakes in a translation aren't much of a problems because  it's checked by a senior of mine at the end of the translation
Kanji shows a lot of meaning by itself
Speaking of an example which I encountered today, I dealt with \"法令対応範囲.\" (6 words) It means \"scope for the enforcement by Japanese law.\" But if I try to enter the phrase in small box on a sheet of a Power Point document, the phrase can be entered with only small fonts which wouldn't be seen by remote audience when having a presentation
So how to fit a small space bothers me every time I translate Japanese into English
But my boss won't (let me) do so..."
I've been very busy and tired for this one week because I have several tasks that are supposed to be submitted to my boss in several days in order to promote our project
I'm very sad because I am only expecting to see only my daughter's good sleeping face today too
As you may know, the Japanese calender hasa \"Golden week,\" which is a combination of national holidays in early May
But I don't like this system where the government places many national holidays at the same time and makes consecutive holidays
Since everybody gets off at the same time, almost all of places where people go--such as amusement parks, zoos, theaters, and the roads people will get there on-- will be hardly (または \"heavily\" ? ) crowded
Although the Japanese labor system has the same system of \"holidays with pay\" applied to many foreign countries which everyone can take at will, willing Japanese workers don't get that supposedly because the Japanese are assiduous and don't want to act alone, such as getting a holiday with pay while other co-workers work
I think this is so inefficient that we should decrease national holidays and make getting a certain number of holidays with pay obligatory
It's the center of the Golden week right now, but despite that, I'm working at my office as usual!"
This is the first diary I've written on this site
I don't understand Lang-8 very well
I stayed in London, UK last year for two months in order to study English
I have only a few opportunities to communicate with foreign people in English, so I think I must find or make opportunities to communicate with anyone who can use English
Oh, it's so late, I've gotten really sleepy!"
Are there lots of patients that have allergies to pollen in your country
I've often heard allergy to pollen, especially to Japanese ceder, has become a national disease of Japanese people nowadays
On this season, by the beginning of spring, pollens of Japanese ceder is starts to fly to almost everywhere in Japan
The major symptoms are a runny nose, sneezing, and itchy eyes
These are very rough symptoms
I've also have allergy to pollen since 10 years ago. 少し変
Firstly I thought I had caught cold on that day, but after weeks from the finding, I realized it had been a allergy to pollen because there aren't such protracted colds
Recently I use antiallergic drugs such as a histamine-antagonizing agent, drops and a nasal drip of steroids
The symptoms can be almost controlled by them
According to today's weather forecast, it is a fine day tomorrow
Usually I can think the fine day is very good and comfortable, but only in this season I might be able to think so. 少し変
Because pollens are flying everwhere and sometimes the symptoms are appearing by enormous pollens in the air
I have had very hard work within the last month and this situation is continuing in a month
As you may know, generality of companies originated in Japan close their financial period at the end of May, which is applied in my company too.  \"may\" sounds better
So just these days are the center of the busy term for finance-related personnel -I'm also the one of those people- in a lot of Japanese companies
But for this season we can see beautiful full-blown cherry blossoms throughout along my way to my company
Cherry Blossoms in Japan
I don't think there could be a single Japanese person who dislikes cherry blossoms
As you can see in the pictures above, in this season we have picnic parties under the cherry trees while watching the blossoms opening up on the trees or flying down from the trees
We call these parties \"花見 hanami.\" 
One week ago, I also went to a park with my wife and daughter to that was 30 minutes by car from my home
I was very happy to see just starting the blossoms just starting to fall off from the branches, as if the cherry blossoms are April showers
Especially Japanese people are especially fascinated by falling cherry blossoms
Medieval Japanese fighter 'Bushi' would have hoped to die with dignity and beauty in battle, like falling cherry blossoms. during battles
Of course, we don't take it to that extreme, but I think the love for the 'cherry blossom' is  a precious culture that's passed down through the generations in Japanese
Do you know what the captioned phrase means
As it may be known only in Japan, I will tell you. It's a national campaign against increasing CO2 emission levels
If you want to know more information about it, please read the following site
thorough the recycling of wastes generated during our business operation
Although I think I'm proud of our company's actions and also individually try to do them voluntarily, recently our office has been so hot that I can't get out of my paper fan, which is called \"団扇\" in Japanese and harness only my own power, due to a energy cut for artificial cooling systems
Sometimes the hotness make me think that we reduce our working efficiency by 6% while we reduce of CO2 emission by 6%!"
I'm writing a notification which informs managers of our subsidiary companies of a  the schedule for submission  submitting of some documents to our office
Firstly  To begin with, I wrote a Japanese version and now I'm trying to translate it  into English
But I think it's difficult due to an  the ambiguity of Japanese
As you may know, English word order is very strict and subjects in English play very important rolls roles, which are not usually omitted, I think. Rolls means something different. They are normally something you would eat 
I was often said  told by my co-worker who is good at writting English that foreign people wouldn't be able to understand my text when I asked him of scanning to scan  through it  after translating it from Japanese to English. Some punctuation would help make this sentence easier to read and understand."
Amazingly, sometimes children derive  different meanings from phrases which are spoken by adults people or on TV programs
My daughter watched a TV program every week day morning which is a animated program(or anime) about vegetable dolls. 
One day pretending to be the narrator I said \"Have a good night!\" apon seening the program
After that, my daughter abruptly said \"おかたづけ!\" As you may know, the word in Japanese means tidy up
I didn't know why she spoke so suddenly
But a few days later I had understood the reason
She understood the meaning of \"Have a good night\" to be \"Have a nainai (ないない
ないない\" is one of baby words, means to tidy up
She mistook \"good night\" to \"nainai.\" Nowadays every time just before she must tidy she says the phrase
My Wife's friends, who are all women,  came to my home from Nagoya to see my wife and daughter today
My wife and them are all nurses and worked in the same hospital up until 3 years ago, when we moved to Osaka from Nagoya due to my company transfer
They were surprised by how much my daughter had grown because it is the first time they would have met my daughter for the first time in 2 years
My wife and I cooked some Japanese dishes, fried oyster, fried shrimp, boiled chicken with soy source, pork soup with various root vegetables and salad
They talked about things, such as the  medical policies the Japanese government implemented, what their current hospital's working conditions are like and their own lives
As you may have realized, I couldn't tune out their voices, I stayed in another room in order to do my work
One of my hobbies is taking photos - especially of my daughter. (you don't need the comma
I like to take photos because a photo can have the time and the landscape nailed into the  picture as if the flash freezesthe field of view through the camera's view-finder
Sometimes I could capture a special scene onto a photo, such as really pretty behaviors or flash mild aspect of my daughter
I've tried taking photos to keep the special moments into still pictures because I'll show them to my daughter in the future
But nowadays I have one  problem with taking photos
I take photos in RAW format
As the term \"RAW\" says, it's raw data of a camera's photosensitive element without compressing of its size
Thus the file size of  the photos is very large, about 15MB a photo
I didn't go to the Universal Studio Japan as I wrote about going with my pretty daughter 2 days ago
Finally, I went to shopping with her and my wife
Tomorrow is a national holiday called National Foundation Day of Japan
I'm also off tomorrow. (or \"I have the day off tomorrow
I have the Free Pass for one-year and she can enter for free because she is young
Today I watched a film titled\/called 'Nodame cantabile' with my family. \"called\", sounds a bit more natural
I can highly recommend this, because we bursted into laughing a lot\/often
She acts really differently in each film
Because I thought that the characters happily make their lives with jobs which they are into
To be honest, I want to go for a master's degree in psychology, about which I have dreamed about at high school
But I decided to do a course in English with for some reason at uni, and I've been making a progress
In my opinion, it's natural for us to make mistakes in making choices, and it's never too late to let us go to the right way. I would say something like \"... it's never too late to change course\" or something
But it seems they (who?) don't really like this idea, because they believe I should make use of my English skill to make living(?) as long as I've studied abroad
But I also believe my experience in England is valuable not only for my job, but also for my life
I know that I should go my way,but I just don't want to make them disappointed or sad by my choice
Ｉwent to a meeting for alumni the day before yesterday
I'd been excited and actually a bit anxious, because I hadn't seen them for quite long time
But I didn't need to feel that way
We had a lot of fun talking, eating, and drinking
To my surprise, four folks already have babies
One of the babies was there
ahhh someday, I also want to bring up such an angelic baby..♥
I had\/drank \"Erdinger,\" of a German beer, today
I liked its spicy fragrance\/aroma
Finding a great beer makes me really happy
I went to a supermarket for shopping by foot with my wife
It was a sunny day today
Writing diary in English is very difficult."
I slept for 5 hours. I am still sleepy
We need to buy things for the New Year's party."
It is a New Year's custom in Japan
and ate Chinese noodles
It was very delicious and  satisfying."
Studying English
I am studying English everyday
But I can't speak English, and more hardly study. much less study it."
Home Alone
I am home alone today. (I am at home alone today
Because my wife went to her parents home
I ate curry, which is my favorite food
But it will be more delicious if I ate (had) it with her
She will come back home tomorrow morning
It is sunny today ,so we are walking in the park this afternoon."
Because I have a hay fever
It snowed was snowing when I woke up
I am watching the a New Years TV program for New Years
I should be turn off the television
and I will read a book that I am interested in."
My wife
My wife is sitting beside me
She is reading a newspaper
Her and  I have a cat.(watahsi itsumo futsuka
The cat has put paw prints on the newspaper that she is reading."
I got up early thismorning today
I learned English for an hour
Then,my wife is still sleeping yet
I'm going to wake her up
It's my birthday today
She is good at making a cake
It is also Mother's day, we're going to our parent's home this afternoon. [whose parents? Yours or your wife's
We are going to send the flowers to my\/her? mother."
It is an entertainment program that is not fun
Yesterday we cleaned the house,and now we are very tired."
The Cicadas  <<when writing a TITLE, you typically capitalize the first letter of each word
It will be a hot day today."
My wife has gone out  to shopping with her mother
I am a little hungry,so I will have to cook something for dinner
I bought dumbbells and carried them on train
My wife bought a floatation device for the pool
She is going swimming tomorrow with her friend
We rarely go out at night so we are happy today from last night.  <<or, \"We rarely go out at night so we are still happy today from last night.\">>"
I will go back to my parents' home
It is the custom that we go back our parents' home for New Years in Japan
My wife went to her part time job
But I made a mistake
That's a secret from her."
But I have not said that I have loved her since our wedding day
He was lucky he had a good luck."
I live in Incheon which is far from the university
So I made my lecture schedule so I have every Monday free
I have been busy lately with a
department meeting, a club trip and so on
So today is a very good day
But one thing bothers me
I want to comment that Last Sunday, I watched a film called The King's Speech. I recommend it; it's a very good movie, not only because of the story, but also because it has good actors and a good soundtrack
Now I want to download it to watch it with my friends and family."
Traveling around the world has always it was been my wish. (or could use 'desire
I'm from Brazil; my country is huge; thus, I think wish to see visit more cities in Brazil before to visiting other countries
After that, I want to visit South American countries where that I've never been to yet before."
Even though I haven't watched this match, I am pround of the whole United team
I think it is a excellent web site for those who want to learn a foreign language
I used to have a blog, but I am have not been typing (writing) in\/on it frequently
However, I will keep typing on this blog since I'm loving it
Hopefully my English can be will improve in the future."
At the same time, babies are gifted with an innate humor which enables them to laugh a lot in the future
It is natural that there are crests and troughs in our lives
Therefore, as human beings, we may be weighed down by the stress if we couldn't find a suitable way to relieve them
Some of them shout loudly or scream, some of them take a vacation, and most of the women go shopping and maximize their credit cards
There are various activities that could relieve stress, but we should only consider the ways that are harmless to ourselves and the others
On the other hand, if we make good use of our sense of humor, we are not only can reduce pressure but can also bring plenty of happiness to ourselves and the people around us
I got seriously homesick this week, and I hate this feeling
I am a patient listener but now I want to find one to share my feelings.  It would sound more common to say 'someone' instead of 'one
I miss my siblings
We used to fight, arguing and stole each other's chocolate and candies.  That would be 'stealing' 
I enjoy that kind of life with them. (note: this could be called \"sibling rivalry
They makes me laugh all time.  'make' isn't plural since the pronoun 'they' is
I am very sad, staying alone in my room without my brother or sisters
Hopefully I will survive in the next few months and I can play with them again when I go back to home.  the word 'to' isn't necessary
I can't stop watching them!!!!!!"
I have been in Canada for five months now
I miss my family, my friends, my six dogs and the delicious food in(from) my home town
Studying in Canada is a valuable chance for me to become mature and learn to overcome tons of difficulties and barriers
This is my first time to seeing snow and I'm overjoyed
Canadians are friendly and nice
They always put on smiles on their faces
Last time when my friend and me were leaving the Superstore and decided to walk back to the drom, a Canadian couple drove us back
We are extremely appreciate what they did since we were cold and not used to the weather
today is bad weather
i went to around the city for shopping on boxing day
i've bought a bag, some cosmetics, and some clothes etc
Of the few birthday gifts I have received they were rather typical gifts
Maybe, the people who gave them did so with no particular special meaning in those presents
However, I think whether a present is special or not depends on your own mind rather than the other person's intent
In contrast to other gifts, it was the most simple and cheapest one, but it was also my favorite one
It was different from those pencil boxes you can see in the bookstore, it was not made of textile but plastic
Compared to those with a colorful and delicate design it is a simple white-black matching color and square shape
My friends usually praise my box for its cute pattern which is different from those monotonous logos on other pencil boxes
What a delight for me is that everybody likes the pencil box so mush and wants to buy a similar one for themselves
Nevertheless, the reason why I like the present so much is not the pattern, the color or the shape, but the memory of the friend who gave the gift
What touched me deeply was that my classmate carved some words with best wishes in the pencil box for me
Come on, come on
Athough English is very difficult for me
But, I will succeed must success if I try my best...."
Keep going~!!!  Keep going
Where there is a will, there is a way
From now on, I've decided to memorize remeber some English words vocabulary every day
I think that the vocabulary is the base of English."
7:00,I get up at on the 7 o'clock, on the dot.  **'on the dot' is an expression meaning at a precise time
I'm in the school's lake read English very loudly.  ?? I'm not sure what you are trying to say ??  Did you mean: \"I'm at the school's lake, reading English loudly\"  ? 
I think it will improve my english level especially my speaking skills english speak."
New years is coming
Today is Dec. 29
Two days after and it is the New Year
New year, and a New begining
During the new year,I will learn English and work hard
The Christmas is coming
Even though Athough, I am Chinese
but, was due to my surroundings the impact of the environment, I gradually came to love loved the Christmas."
Today, I took atten our school's English exam
It's very difficulty for me, especially the reading comprehension and composition sections
Building my vocabulary is the most important thing after all.  In a word, vocabulary is the most important
So, in the next few last days, the most thing point is to work on my vocabulary
Come on
Come on
Pocket Monster Black\/White
The popular game \"Pocket Monster Black\/White\" sold 2,630,000 in two days in Japan
It is the best initial investigation(?) record about of game sellers in Japan
1 DS Pocket Monster Black\/White 2010\/9\/18 2,630,000 ←New
2 PS Final Fantasy VIII 1999\/2\/11 2,504,044 units
3 DS Doragon QuestIX 2009\/7\/11 2,343,440
4 PS2 Doragon QuestVIII 2004\/11\/25 2,236,881
5 PS Final FantasyＶＩＩ 1997\/1\/31 2,034,879 units
6 PS Final FantasyIX 2000\/7\/7 1,954,421 units
Japanese people like games
Especially Pocket Monstar is especially loved by Children, young people and junior senior generation
The TV anime \"Pocket Monster\" has continued to broadcast for 14 years
The United States may requests Japan to increase of Japanese its share of costs for U.S. military bases
Kan Naoto, who is a the Japanese Prime Minister, is going to visit the U.S. and discuss this issue with President Obama president
The U.S. probably thinks the cost is greater expenditures are needed for to ensure Japanese peace between Japan and China
But Japan will request to decrease its share of the cost, because the gathering had thought that the cost is was too higher already
The discussion is not likely to go smoothly
The issue concerning US bases is one of the most interesting news topics in Japan. [Perhaps you mean that this issue is one of the \"most debated topics\"-- that is, a topic many people argue about
I suppose Japan is trying to change its relationships with the US and China. [The reason \"US\" needs to be preceded by \"the\" is that it stands for the noun phrase \"united states
Asian economies are going to expand in the next ten years. [\"Economics\" usually means 経済学; what you mean here is economy\/economies
What is a important for us? [Alternative: What is most important for us? Note: \"important\" is an adjective; \"a\" can only precede a noun or noun phrase.]"
Relationship Between China and Japan
In September 19, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that China has ceased political relations with Japan
It was caused by a Chinese ship's captain being arrested by the Japanese police
The ship struck a Japan Coast Guard's ship in the Senkaku group of islands
I supposed that this is a difficult problem
Japan and China should have a more intimate relationship
I hope it is resolved quickly
These are 10 creatures with long lives
I suppose creatures in the sea live a long life
I like the sea
One of the my dream is to live near a beach in Okinawa :D
In July, 1,500 Japanese men traveled to Atami-shi,Sizuoka-ken
They are \"otaku\" who are enthusiastic about \"Loveplus,\" a dating simulation game
That is a poplular \"dating simulation game.\" [You could also combine these two sentences as follows: They are \"otaku\" who are enthusiastic about a dating simulation game called \"Loveplus
They spend a virtual date with their girl friend, and enjoyed virtual romance
The Wall Street Journal reported that \"That event may happened only in Japan
They should get a real girlfriend, so they will be happier
Too Beautifuly to be a Man （タイトルなんですから、大文字が必要なんです＾＾）
She is Sato Kayo, a famous Japanese model
But she announced \"I'm a man\", and that surprised many people
And she doesn't take any plastics
When I heard that news, I couldn't believe it
She is too beautiful to make me suspect that she is a man
For instance TV, Anime, Manga, Fashion, Crime, Politics, Games and Technology…. [Please remember the space after each comma. It's something you need to get used to doing
If you have any ideas, please tell me! 
Nude Photos of Ayumi Hamasaki
Ayumi Hamasaki, who is a famous Japanese singer, opened to the public her nude photos
She said that \"I'd like to express simply express and human thing
This photo is one of the my images
I think the nudity expressed my feelings
So I hope that she will get great efforts in new stage! Maybe you were trying to say, I hope that she will show great effort on a new stage
Do you know any Websites about Japanese
I will refer to your advice to when writinge a new entry
Athletics not sure what this is
Motorsports
The number of fans is 3.5 billion people in the world
750 million people watched the final round (the) World Cup 2010
Cricket is not probably popular in Japan
I have played tennis since 12 years old
Sports makes me excited!"
Recently, I'm have been too busy to enjoy my life
I joined a big project, but we have many many problems to overcome
Maybe I will die from overwork
Could you give me your advice on how to enjoy and live a happy life..."
Ichiro Achieved 200 (Safe) Hits
Ichiro, who plays for the Seattle Mariners in Major League, achieved 200 safe hits for 10 years straight
It was his 152th game of him, that is 10 days later than last year
Nobody else has achieved such a great record
Now, he is a star player in the Major League
As a Japanese person, I'm proud of his success as the same Japanese
For instance I didn't learn any words about Baseball
The 0.4% of Men Fulfill the (Ideal) Condition to for Marriage 
At first, could you watch read the report of the Income distribution map in of Japanese single men which was made by Nomura Research Inc
The Only 0.4% of men earn income about 10 milion yen of income per 1 year
But Japanese young woman dream to of marrying this rare group of rare men
On the other hand, the men probably don't hope to marry them
Because he is too popular with women to choose a woman one
Japanese women continue to devote great efforts for to \"婚活
They are the victims of this cruel period
This piece of news is not a joke
Some Japanse women dream to of marrying the such men
I guess what is important for marriage and to live fullness life. -> I don't really get this sentence
The Korean soccer team beat the Greek soccer team last Saturday
Suddenly a memory of the 2002 WorldCup ,that Korea and Japan hosted, flashed through my mind
I was so happy during the 2002 World Cup. or That memory made be so happy
I hope again 2002! I wish that we have the same results as 2002. Not sure what you mean here."
Wii Homebrew ~ Always capitalize the first and last words of a title. Also, never add a period to the end of a title
I bought a Wii two months ago for exercising. ~ Wii is a proper noun; it's first letter should be capitalized
But I like electric devices
So at first I just used the Wii to exercise
However, I wanted to experiment with this device with things like homebrew and using it as a DVD 
See previous correction
So I read a lot of articles on a blog and tested my Wii
And I eventually got it to work successfully
I can play a lot of games in the world
But I don't like playing games a lot
I just enjoyed it
I caught a sinus cold
I caught a sinus cold Beacause I slept without blanket last night
My nose was kept running and it was hard to breathe so I went to the pharmacy and bought some medicine
So I went to a pharmacy and take medicine
The medicine's worked very well
I took them in the morning and almost recover my cold by night
So some guyswent skiing in the middle of the city
Writing a resume
I'm trying to write an English resume
If there are is any bad grammar, please fix it please
Make up　an estimates and order products 
Install the measurement devices and educate the a buyer
Make catalogs and manuals 
Participated in several industrial exhibitions for promotion and consultation 
of measurement devices"
Apple's new gizmodo gizmo, the iPad
I saw Apple's new tablet PC, the iPad
ipad
It looks great and I can't wait to use it. [You changed the subject from \"it,\" so you must include the new subject
It features using Wifi and 3G
Battery life is almost 10 hours
Then it can be used as a strong E-book reader
Apple called this application 'ibooks
Apple's CEO, Steve jobs said that ipad will take the place of 
the netbooks
It can also install a lot of iphone applications
I have a notebook [most people say \"laptop\"] but I want to use this new product. [The way you started the sentence by talking about your laptop and then later using \"this\" made it sound as if you were referencing back to the laptop instead of the iPad. You have to be careful about maintaining clarity in your writing.]"
I bought a new cellphone
It was a little more expensive than I thought
But if I buy a new cellphone again
I will buy the cellphone by using the online(internet) market
Time is so fast like an oncoming wave. [This is just a guess. \"A riding water\" doesn't make sense in English
Time is so fast like an oncoming wave
Thank God it's Friday. [Usually one says this when one feels like the work week has gone slowly-- so this seems strange in combination with the previous sentence.]"
I started to study ( I started studying is also grammatically correct) embedded programming this week
Actually i have studied it before, but it's hard to study
This education course is supported by a goverment organization
So this course is free and a little money is supported. (You are given money to do the course? So, 'this course is free and we are granted a little money
I am (or: have been) very interested in the Android phone
It looks like not only me, but also other people all around the world are interested in the Android phone
The reason that the Android phone is popular is that it is made by Google and it is a rival (or: competitor) phone to the iPhone
I don't have an iPhone but I do have an iPod with similar functions. (an iPod Touch I presume
Then recently I bought the Android development tool-kit (or: SDK
The more I study it, the more interesting it becomes (? ~= 공부하면 공부할수록 재미있게 된다
I want to make my own applications to study (even) harder."
I have used iPod touch ever since a year ago, 
so my iPod silicon cover was got worn-out
Yesterday, I bought a new iPod cover
It's made from by Belkin. (From is used to indicate that something is coming from somewhere. From USA to Korea. But if something is made in a company like Belkin, you write: It is made by Belkin
Belkin is a famous known computer accessory company. (Famous isn't really natural in this context, however Belkin is a known company
It's most expansive among the other in the middle of products
The Belkin cover is\/costs 29 dollars, but while the others are around about 9 dollar
However But even so I bought it, 
because I like the design and it feels is good in the hand when I grip
It's a very good cover, except price."
I hope that Korea soccer team keep steam up
The Korean soccer team was beated by Argentina
I felt sad to lose by so many goals socore
Because Greece wonbeat Nigeria
I hope that Korea soccer team keep steam up
The Beach name of the beach is Gwang-an-lee beach
But However, the opening of the beach is meaning means the half of the 2010 has was already gone
I thought i have to study more diligently hard."
The movie, How To Train Your Dragon looks interesting.Titles should be in capital letters
The movie How To Train Your Dragon have a good result in these days. has been popular recently
So maybe I anticipate real movie.What is your meaning here? I'm just guessing but is it: I'm looking forward to this movie
The Worldcup is coming
It is nearly time for the 2010 World cup to begin 
I really enjoyed the 2002 Worldcup! 
So I am early waiting for the start of this years World Cup
I hope Korea team progresses well in the group stage of the competition
This island is located at the farthest south of Korea. 
This island is the most beautiful island I've ever seen
I walked along the Island and met a lot of good people and talked about many 
I went visited this island five times, yet it's great every time."
I ordered a Wii
I ordered the Nintendo Wii and Wii fit two days ago
I'm awating the delivery
Actually, I don't like the game
Hmm~~ Just I don't hate the game is right.Well, to say I don't hate the game would be more accurate. 
However this gameplayer is different from any other game player
Because it can be used for exercising
Using it, I can do yoga, boxing, bowling and muscle conditioning
Recently, the weather is so cold it's hard to exercise outside
However using the Wii I can exercise at home
Of course because the price is very high
I will have to eat noodles for the next month
Maybe it's better for your health not to buy the Wii and use the money to eat delicious and healthy food
I wanted to order 'Vancouver winter olympics' but it's all sold out
I plan to order it in a month
I'm so excited that I can play the game a few times later
Shopping with my girlfriend
Today my girlfriend and I went to the department store
because she wanted to buy a bag
ButAll of the bags' prices iswere very, very expensive, though
Bean Pole was 256 dollars, and  Metrocity was 428 dollars
She seems that don't know how to make a decision. (\"She seemed pretty indecisive,\"? Sorry, not sure exactly what you mean here
so we looked around at more shops for a long time
Butuntilshe finally ended upcould not buying nothing at all. anything
Shopping with a woman is reallytruly a hard thing to for a man."
The Kite Runner
I read this book for a long time
The book's title is 'The Kite Runner
Actually, I bought it a year ago
I didn't read this book because I was lazy
But I picked up this book again recently
After reading the entire book, I felt a strong emotion
and I knew more about Afghanistan
This novel is a Coming of Age-type novel
The main story is about two boys and their growth, pain and suffering
Have you read this book
If you haven't
How about reading the book this weekend
I plan to read the book this weekend again
North Korea attacked a South Korean warship last month and a lot of young sailors was died
And(A lot of young soldiers was died
It is such a pity
But the situation is getting worse
I hope they will resolve this problem peacefully."
I saw 'Kick-ass
It was cruel and violent
She playedahit-girl in the movie
I want to see more of her work."
I watched the movie\/film 2012. 
Recently there are many earthquakes around the world
So I was suddenly interested about with the movie 2012
The movie was about the end of the world caused by the sun's radiation
It was similar to the movie \"Knowing
Anyway, after I saw the movie I was worried that this kind of tragedy would occur
And I thought for a few seconds, 
what can I do if earthquakes are occurring all over the world
I don't know whether the end of the world will come or not
I believe it's more important to live meaningfully today
I want an Ipad
Last week Ipad start selling.went on sale
I really want to buy an Ipad but the Ipad is not selling for sale in Korea
If I request ask her to buy Ipad for me, then she can buy one for me
So, I'm thinking about buying an Ipad
I have an Ipod touch and other devices like a notebook, mac mini, and pocket pc
Perhaps an Ipad is useless for me
However, I just want to buy it
Apple's devices create a strong desire to buy their product
I hope that Korea's companies also make a similar product."
Pusan'ssweltering hot nights phenomenon
Pusan'ssweltering hot nights phenomenon
Yesterday I couldn't sleep because the weather was so hot
Korea soccer team beat Japan yesterday. 
Korea soccer team won their match against Japan
Their strategy against Japan was so good
So i anticipate more success this world cup."
I like drawing a pictures
so I draw a lot of things like a  photos, cartoons, landscapes, men and so on
However it's hard to draw when I'm a outside
beacase to draw something I need paper and pencil
Recently, I found out an interesting thing
Using Ipod touch I can drawing a picture
This application's name is 'brush
I drew the attactched pictures
It's hard to adapt to the application
It's more fun listening to music."
My Iphone is something wrong.There's something wrong with my Iphone
I bought an Iphone 3gs four days ago
But I think it's hard to talk with an Iphone
because other people say my voice is so
small. quiet
So I was tested it out today and the engineer said to me that my phone was something wrong. there was something wrong with my phone
But we can only chang new cellphone only one day when you received.But we can only exchange new cellphones the day you bought them
You passed three days. And it has already been three days. 
So you have to change refurbished phone only. (not sure what this sentences means
I'm going to claim (complain? not sure what you want to say) again to a higher representative
I want to know other country's policies are."
I saw Iron Man 2
I love the Iron Man series
Of course I saw Iron Man 1 several times
I like not only the story but also the soundtrack
I had already knew ACDC but it's the first time I heard their's song (\"Their\" already indicates possession, so there's no need to put \"'s
Yesterday I cancelled the contract I had with my iPhone 3GS
It was a very difficult and stressful time
I would like to change my cellphone model
I'm looking for a well-rounded\/good cell phone
The LG Optimus-Q has a good design and useful \"qwerty\" keypad
Many predict that when the iPhone 4 is released the Optimus-Q's purchase price will fall
I am having an emotional fit while considering this purchase."
It I was lucky to find this site on a BBS soon after I’ve I decided to practice English by writing a diary in English \/\/ (obvious from context
And it seems there are still lots of functions more other than writing diaries
I’d like to find it check them out but I can’t, because my mid-term exam of discrete mathematics mid-term exam is coming up in 10 hours
And I haven’t finished the homework yet, which should has to be handed in tomorrow
And I suddenly thought remembered that I forgot to dry my clothes which have been were put into the washing machine two hours age
えっと、ミラと申します。　
４年間ぐらい(or約4年間)日本語を勉強しています。
九月から留学するしますよ！
あの大阪の関西外大に通うつもりです。　→もう受け入れ先が決まっているなら、予定を使うのほうがいいですよ。
Can someone edit \/ correct this
The Russo-Japanese War began \/ started because Japan wanted to halt the spread of the Russian expansion into East Asia. 
This was what Japan feared the most, since they regarded Korea and Manchuria as a buffer
If an agreement was not made soon, war would break out at once, which worried all of Europe since \/ as Russia was allied with France and Germany, and Japan had (already) signed a treaty with Great Britain
Europe was concerned that the war would spread across the world
It’s not that anyone sought war in either country (Russia and Japan), but no matter what happened, it’s as if the war was supposed to happen. \/ ...but despite everything, war was inevitable. 
However, we only arrived to these circumstances due to outdated governmental policies by almost half a century
The following will explain in detail the events of the Russo-Japanese war and how Japan was conceived as an “easy” enemy, yet who came to be acknowledged as one of the greatest military powers in the world after the apparent victory during the Battle of the Sea of Japan."
My boyfriend was a hot-tempered person, but he improved himself in order to stay with me
Yesterday, we discussed about a book called \"Stuffed and Starved: Market, Power and the Hidden Battle for the World Food System
When I started talking louder and emotionally unconsciously, he was quiet and gazed at me with a smile
I saw the change in his expression, so I realized that my talking attitude had was too impatient
Did I do something wrong?\" I asked
No, I think you were angry when we talked about the poor farmers, due to the fact that you are kindhearted.\" [Wretched is more common for something you hate... you could say that if you hated those farmers but that would be really mean
I feel he is gentle unlike before, and I am be deeply touched by him
I love him so much
My friends usually call me by my Chinese nickname \"白\", which means \"white
I also want to learn how to sing Japanese songs
If someone hears a nice song, please share it with me
Please don't laugh at me
add me as a friend and we can chat about songs together
Now I have a problem, 
I have been watching the World Cup these day
I write a diary since a long time
Taiwan's people were very kind
I thought Taipei is looking like Japanese cities
I'm a japanese high school student
This is the first time I've written in my diary
Kobe is one of the most beautiful city cities in Japan
I love English,and I think want to go America some days someday
I waiting for much comment!I am waiting for your comments! 
There are many countries I want to go to
at First, I want to go to Maldives
There are is a lot of beautiful scenery
beautiful sea, beach, sunset
I'm going to write a diary entry about a second country that I want to go
My interest grew stronger as your company has now launched  Russian servers and is hiring Russian-speaking employees
I was impressed that hiring was part of the launch process and not left until post-launch
During my career I have had several diverse jobs, all of them required me to work in a team and to deal directly with public.(Doesn't it sound stupid or too, I don't know,  cumbersome? no)I found my short-term but intensive work at Autotrade AG particularly valuable in teaching me the importance of ascertaining a variety of customers' needs and providing clear and accurate information in response to those needs
Being a part of Staff Empire recruitment agency has taught developed my ability to work under pressure (is this \"mode\" ok
it was crazy time, always under pressure) while still being always available and helpful to 
both customers and candidates
Although I don’t have any MMORPG working experience, some of my jobs required me to deal with Internet communities using appropriate tools including forums, blogs and some others. What others? Either list them or just say 'forums and blogs
Also, as a hobby, I moderated 
Moderated
 a number of game community forums
isn't this too rude
Please hire me\") I would be available for foreign travel from the beginning of June and I am available for interview at any time after that
Yours sincerely
This is my very first post here
I have no idea what language I should use for my Journal. My French is still very poor yet, so everything I can only say things like \"je m'apelle\" or \"j'habite\" etc
I really need to find the right motivation to use French only
So, dear friends, please consider this my \"English entry\"."
Of course, That is, if you can call this year's abnormal spring \"nice\" this year's abnormal spring. ('Abnormal' is an odd choice of phrase here, but its not wrong per se
My favorite weather site promises that we'll have a real summer this week, but we'll see, we'll see
Tomorrow I hope to succeed with complete one piece of business I really need to finish. (Alternatively: Tomorrow I hope to succeed in finishing some business that really needs doing
Finally I have all my papers and documents for my \"abroad-passport\". (Papers and documents are the same thing, or close enough. And in English it is just called a 'passport' as we don't have internal passports :) 
I really don't know how  what to call it in English since there's no such term in the rest of the world
And here in Russia we're its  still like in the USSR: one passport for this country, another one for travelling abroad
Its\/It is Really stupid. (You don't actually need the 'its', but it is better grammatically
Although I don't know if I can  will be able to use it  my new passport any time soon, as I don't have the spare money for any kind of far long-distance trips and the situation with my vacation time is still unclear
Whatever, at least I will have a possibility the chance to travel. Or: at least now I will be able to travel
To know that I can go anywhere if I really need to
That somehow makes me feel better."
A couple of years ago I was a very \"international\" girl. I had  pen pals from many countries. It was fun and interesting
After that I created an account at LiveJournal and became part of the Russian community there
And  now I've lost contact with everybody I was in touch with from my \"international\" life
Really miss it
Further more, I started using the Internet in 1999. and I started it from international part. (I'm not sure what you mean here
And the truth is that the Internet was the main thing that made me start SPEAKING English. I, who was learning it in my early school years but couldn't say a word
The main mistake of our schools here in teaching languages is that all foreign languages are taught as a static subject
As a subject that no one can relate to
It's pretty simple to understand that any languages are an instruments of communication
So I believe that this Lang-8 space will bring back my \"International\" side back to me
Of course, I can post more or less personal blahblah things here, but I'd love to be more useful to the rest of community
For example... For those ones who are studying Russian or just interested in what's going on in Russia
I can do small things. for example, I can write small articles about any Russian related subjects that you'd love to know about from Russian part. Or maybe I can take pictures of special places\/things etc
Any ideas\/wishes?"
I will forget him
The afternnoon is very quiet, I can only hear the voices of beating the keyboard. (This sounds very poetic so I hesitate to change it lest I change the feeling you were trying to portray.  You might say something like, \"The afternoon is very quiet, I can only hear the voices of tapped keys on a keyboard\", I'm not sure I captured your meaning correctly
I don't know what I'm thinking now
Spring Festival is coming soon, so I hope I can forget him and this love
Some people think it's too difficult to say, so they call me Evy. [Or: '...difficult to pronounce
I study at university and major in Bioenvironmental System engineering. [It sounds weird, but most people would say 'I study at university
I didn't understand the profession lesson clearly since I have just finished the part of freshmen. [Do you mean to say you just finished your first year
Though I've studied English since elementary [school], it is still very poor now. [A more natural and casual way of saying the last part would be, '...I'm still not very good at it
I want to use this site to practice writing and keep a diary
 To tell the truth, I don’t what I my dream to is
When I was in senior high school, the only thing I wanted to achieve is to study in at the National Taiwan University
Is it It's a very shortsighted dream right
 But I really enjoy the times that when I play the piano and learn English
If this topic these subjects conclude are included in my plan in these for the next few years, going aboard for an international study program is what I want to do
And I should promote improve my skill at playing the piano so that passing I can pass the music examination
Maybe I will understand something on the way towards my dream
 I join a lot of activities, search many for a lot of information from everywhere, read different books including periodicals and magazines to find my life’s direction
S Since this is not the competition I am not writing competitively for a real in the exam, I don’t want to write down the fake naive dream like I did before."
Many people say that girls love dessert
I think I'm the obvious representation. a typical example
To me, dessert is a necessary  necessity in my life
Although I'm the  a dessert lover, I still have rank doubts  in my mind
I have eaten so many kinds of dessert, my favorite dessert is mint chocolate-flavor ice cream ever just the same
When I eat it, I can feel it breeze its coolness from my mouth to my mind
The sweetness from chocolate and the smell from mint makes me immersion  immerse into the another other world
Not only the taste attracts me, but the appearance is also fascinating fascinated
The aqua color with the interspersion of black chocolate is a pleasant scene picture
I haven't met someone  anyone who love it as like me
Eating mint chocolate-flavor ice cream is truly a great pleasure in my life."
I just finish my first group meeting with professors and seniors. 
Since I'm the youngest in the lab, I didn't have to do a project now
After discussing it with the professors, we decided that I will study mathematical methods first, such as linear programming which we apply in optimization
In August, I have two presentations in which I will tell them what I learned in the Operation Research textbook
I also have to prepare a ppt [PowerPoint presentation] to present my results
This is a new attempt for me to train my independent thinking
Yesterday
Yesterday was a sunny day in Taiwan, but I will have a final exam on 'elements of vibration analysis' on next Tuesday. [Yesterday is in the past, so \"is\" needs to be \"was.\" Both \"on Tuesday\" or \"next Tuesday\" are correct, but one doesn't say \"on next Tuesday.\" Another possibility is \"this coming Tuesday
At 3 p.m
my classmate phoned me to play basketball. [This happened in the past, so you need a verb in past tense
When I came back home from the basketball court
I was too tired to study for my final exam
i will stared start to plan what to do in the weekend
i usually get up at 9:30, and relaxed relax to order a coffee and a sandwich in the breakfast shop
I reads read the newspaper and magazines
sometime i will go with my boyfriend to watching watch a moive movie or walk in the afternoon
there has are many cute dogs in park
or I will go shopping in at the department store, play basketball, or go to lunch with a good friend
or play basketball
or together lunch with good friend
On Holidays, my sister and I drive back to find my mother and my dog, Yumi in the Yunlin
i and my sister to drive back to find my mother and my dog-yumi in the Yunlin
myabe Maybe just watching TV or talk talking about with my mother or help give my dog to a bath
i feel happy that the weekend is off soon
the must meet be the coming blue of monday."
I am go going to learning learn English class in in class today
My teacher teach taught me a very funny word: \"couch potato
that means is that a lazy guy is sitting on the sofa eating potatoes, 
and then getting more and more fat
by the way, we could't couldn't be the \"couch potato\" guy."
The shape of UK
One Japanese saw the shape of UK looked like a woman who was ashamed of the size of her bust
The picture on the right of the page is a part of label put on the beer bottles and cans made by Kirin Brewery Company, which is one of the most best known beer manufacturers in Japan
In this picture, three letters characters \"KI\",\"RI\",\"N\" in katakana are hidden
I heard KIRIN is a legendary beast of China
KIRIN is 麒麟 in Chinese alphabet
NTT DOCOMO, the largest mobile phone carrier in Japan, developed a battery which is able to charge in a very short time, only 10 minutes, for smart phone."
I think it's a good chance to develope my English, but there's no way to check what I write
If you wont want to go to the café from the library you must go straight on Loring RD and turn right on Park Ave
Keep going until you go past the bus stop
After that, turn left on Cross ST and take the first turn on the right
Salvador was born in 1904 on a\/the peninsula in Figueras
Residents said, that there may born only crazies or geniuses are born there
Name Salvador he got the name Salvador from his brother, which who died the previous year
When he was 5 years old — his parents said that he is was the reincarnation of his brother
 Salvador was always was a very strange and always tried to attract attention
He said, \"I was able to hold public attention for twenty years
I always made newspapers and whatever peoples said about me whatever, even it was always good
And he continued to draw until die his wife and muse Gala died in 1982
After that his works became more and more easy simple
 Besides painting Salvador made photos, make surrealistic films and even acted in advertising
He collaborated with Disney and Hitchcock
 Today Salvador is still interesting for people and he is considered to be the embodiment of surrealism
How said Salvador said, \"surrealism it is what I am.\""
How to improve my English essay writing 
Now, I'm preparing for my one year study in America as an international student
I am trying my best to sharpen all my abilities to make progress in my English learning
However, I encountered a difficulty in my English writing
My teachers said my essays have weak organization
They said my ideas and thoughts of my essays were very confused and messy
To be honest, it really was a big impact on me
I didn't know there was so many problems about my writing skills
What's more, my writing grade of TOEFL also showed my writing ability is weak
I can't use concrete and clear words to support my ideas and word usage isn't idiomatic
Due to above these reasons, I decided to try to improve my English writing, by writing diaries every day
Also, I want to try and write two or three essays and ask my teachers to mark them every week
I'm starting to practice this plan
I hope it could be useful and helpful for me to improve my English writing skill."
I am worried about the dating all night long..... T____T
I met my friend from language exchange today, and we had a nice talk
Everything went fine, and we exchanged phone numbers
Then, I said one of my male friends and I are going to 侯硐貓村, and I asked them whether they would like to go with us
They happily said OK and love cats very much.(?) ---> 想問：回答可以，有其他比較好的方式嗎
When I came back home, I asked my male friend whether we can go there with more than one person
but the worst thing is that their schedules don't match each others 
then he said he didn't want many people to go together because it's hard to coordinate everyone's schedule --> 很難抓時間 XD
I worried about the date coz
I suddenly think that we may have too little to talk about ㅠㅠ -->很怪 XDD
and I may feel embarrassed
How to decide 
BTW, I am listening to BIGBANG's Stupid Liar now :P
I went to Tokyo and I went to the university which is the one I want to go to
My father was off for the holiday, so I went to there with him
I went to H&M and FOREVER21 in Harajuku while I was there
Many people were in there, but I was able to buy clothing easily
Thank you for the good information :) ありがとうございました。"
My friends are doing very fine!(very well
Everyone (has) started to study hard for their universities. (for their university exams
college=university?　　  College = アメリカの英語　　　  University = イギリスの英語
Which is better to use
A new ALT came to my school
Today, It seems my friends Maika, Chika and Maiko (she is another classroom student) ate lunch with him
 because they are need to interview(面接)  in English in for the exam
It seems they will continue the thing this next week.(←来週も続けるらしい。
S.\" is a freaky movie
They are The Happening, Eagle Eye, Bruce Almighty and The Spiderwick Chronicles
The DVDs were 100 yen each
I want to watch the next movie
Before watching the movie, we went to shopping
First, I was not hungry, so I ate shaved ice for lunch
There was soft(-serve) ice cream was on it
Next, we went to a game center and (we) took a \"Purikura\".（ How do you say \"purikura\" in English
After that, I played on\/with a UFO Catcher. (or \"crane game
I tried it three times, and I got a  big Stitch banana cushion
UFO Catchers are very fun
I like them very much
When I go to the movies (or \"a movie\"), I try them every time
Today, I went to shopping and I bought a pair of short pants and hair clips
I will go to Summer Sonic09 wearing them. (\"I will wear them to SummerSonic 09
School is starting
I will be going to school now
But a typhoon is coming to my country
But I want to meet my friends
I rented \"Disney･PIXAR GREATEST\" and \"Nim's Island
↑I got this postcard when I went to the university which I will go to next year
It's one of the my dreams 
In the English class, Ayami inquired (OK, but \"asked\" is simpler) whether Phillip uses Skype
I have never used it, but Ayami and Saya are using it. (Ayami and Saya use it
I left here for a long time
Since the beginning of the summer vacation, I haven't gonedid not go anywhere yet
But I am going to go to a movie with my friend Yuka
And we are going to watch a Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
And I'm very very looking forward to going go to the Summer Sonic09
Because, My Chemical Romance is coming \/came come there
I was a member of belong to a student council so I have to finish the accounting stuff for the school festival
After that, I came back to home, I studied only for three hours
I heard my friend had studied for seven or eight hours a day
I am student  preparing for an examination
I felt that I have to study more harder
I like \"ScissorHands\" and \"Love Actually\". (the English title is \"Edward Scissorhands
As for Japanese movies, I like \"Kimi ni Shika Kikoenai
It is a good love story
I like Keisuke Koide, he is the lead actor of this movie
If you have any favorite Japanese movies or  foreign country movies, please tell me
Why can she speak English
I am really respect her and I like her
They made me like music.( 彼らが、音楽を好きにさせてくれた。) (or: \"I like music because of them
I like playing the guitar and singing songs
If you have a favorite musician, please tell me
I saw foreign country girls in magazines and on YouTube
Why are they so cute
But they are far from here and always crowded
I want to wear makeup, but I can't do it  well
But PinKisYummY does it very well
I go to a high school,and I am a student of the English course
But I can't understand English grammer grammar
So, I decided to try to Lang-8
I want to speak & write English well and watch a movies in English with English subtitles,too
I love movies, music and disney Disney
Thank you for reading my sentences
I got up at 6:00 a.m. It is was early for me, but I could got up today
In the morning,  Ayami and me were walked around in Makuhari messe
The photo above, taken from the first picture was is Sonic stage
As you can see, No one is in the photo there yet xD
It took us about one and a half hours
I wear had this towel on me in my profile picture
Awaited time has had come at last
We went to near the front spot nearby and sang together
It was very excited!! exciting
A person from abroad ashore behind us and he was singing song as well
When Gerard sing sang a Cancer (not too sure what you are trying to tell...), he came to the centar (center?) of the audience!(°Д°) We were very surprised
It was like we dived into the sea
But the happening occasion\/event excited made us exciting
We enjoyed it
We could listened to the new songs, and we could see saw the fireworks
I will never ever forget this memories
The time to leave, when it had come to an end, we were waiting for a train, a person from abroad asked us for the schedule about the timetable
Ayami answered quickly and taught
I thought I should have to study more harder
I deeply regret that sometimes I couldn't understand what Gerard talking says
I promised to go to the next summer sonic(what is summer sonic? v^_^v, language school?) and go abroad with Ayami
It seems that we will be having have a small athletic meeting again in October
I could seen sawa rainbow appeared when on my way home from a the school
So I went to shopping by bicycle
Today is Was it a bad day or a good day
Yesterday, we had the last class with our ALT. (I'm guessing ALT is a language teacher
Our ALT is leaving our high school this summer vacation
He showed us this site
Thank you very much for teaching us for three years
I'm going to study English hard and go abroad
Basketball and volleyball are very exciting
Many boys look like cool in the athletic meet every year
I bought two nail polishes and a tank top
The nail polishes were 100 yen each, and the tank top was 500 yen.(I'm just making some assumptions here, forgive me if they're wrong
I am tired but I enjoyed today
I've just dropped my plate and broken it. (It's more natural to say \"I just dropped my plate and broke it
I think I'm so  a really careless mother that I think
I think I 've broken thoese these\/those things plates every once a month... (\"once a month\" implies once every month. Alternatively, you can say \"I think I've broken one of these plates every month.) 
Usually, how often is that kind does this sort of things happened to you?"
The thing that I regret. 
While I was in New Zealand I met many people, and I had a great experience. 
Ｉ　ｗａｓ　ｋｅｅｐｉｎｇ　ｉｎ　ｔｏｕｃｈ　ｗｉｔｈ　ｔｈｅｍ　ｆｏｒ　ａ　ｆｅｗ　ｙｅａｒｓ，ａｎｄ　ｓｏｍｅ　ｏｆ　ｔｈｅｍ　even ｍｅｔagain　ｈｅｒｅ　ｎ　Ｊａｐａｎ　．
However,　ｙｅａｒｓ　ｈａｖｅ　ｇｏｎｅ　ｂｙ now，and　Ｉ　haveｌｏｓｔ　all ｔｈｅｉｒ　addresses
Starting Lang-8 for studying english
When I was a university student, I studied English
But I have not used it since then
two days ago, I told my boss that I want to go to working abroad
I should improve my English, thus
Please correct my sentences and let's be friends."
Mario Kart Wii
Today I did played Mario Kart Wii with my child.(this is fine, but saying son\/daughter sounds more natural
He is 2years old, so he just had a held the controller
But he felt that playing the game.<--Seems to be missing a word describing emotion after 'felt'. Maybe you meant 'But he felt happy while playing the game
He likes it very much,often invited me.He liked it very much, he even asks me to play with him now. "
In Korea, criminals are on the rise each day. 
A reason for this problem is that an increasing number of young people are becoming criminals. 
If our country doesn't correct laws, it will perish in the near future due to student's criminal behavior
I think that the laws must change for our brighten life
For the benefit of all people, public peace must be keep all day."
today, I have police english test a police test in english. (is the test actually called \"police english test\"? if it is, then it's okay
It is very difficult to slove the problems on the test
I think that english is a very hard in my subject
but, to be a policeman, (policemen is more than one policeman) I have to learn the police english. (connect this sentence with the sentence above
so, i will study english steadily from now on. (OR i will study english often.)"
Maybe it's too late to talk about this year's Valentine's, as the day has already passed
But there are some interesting things that I'd like to take note of
On that day, I gave a phone call to my parents to wish them a Happy Valentine's Day
My mom mentioned that she had not received any gifts from my dad
My Daddy is one of those traditional Chinese men
He loves my mom very much, but rarely, if ever, says \"I love you\" to my mom; at least, he never says it when I'm around
He would rather cook a good dinner than offer useless words and flowers
This is the same for most of Chinese men of the traditional sort
Many of whom are middle-aged
I called dad, said that he could buy a pouch of shrimps and cook them as a gift for mom
In my local dialect, \"shrimp\" and \"flower\" have the same pronunciation, \"Hou
So this Valentine's Day, my mom received \"Hou\" as a gift and she was very happy about it
My dad was also very happy; for the \"shrimps\" not only showed his love for my mom on that  special day, but he wasted no money on unnecessary matters too."
Terrible  Cold
I caught a bad cold last week
At first, my nose was runny and I could not stop sneezing
Then one night, my nose was totally stuffed up and  I could not breath at all
I did not get much sleep because I could not breathe.  
I could not sleep
When I finally fell asleep, I did not sleep well
Now I am dizzy and I cannot hear well.  
When people talk to me, the voices sound like they are coming from 30 miles away.  
It feels like a piece of paper is covering my ear.  
I am so sick right now.  
I hate having a cold.  
My nose is still stuffed up as I type these words.  
I wish I get better soon."
This afternoon, i will take the train to go to Suzhou From Shanghai
The distance is 84 km from Shanghai to Suzhou, and so that  it will only take me about half an  hours with the new High-Speed China Railway High-speed
It is very famous of for its ancient private gardens
Many of them are listed in World Culture Heritage like
They all have its their own charactoristics characteristics
I will go and visit these gardens this weekend
Acturally I went to visited them for several times already
When I get returned back home, I was still thinking of those beautiful and graceful gardens, I even dreamed of them at night
So I decided to visit them again
That must be a very happy tour this time.This time it will be an enjoyable tour."
I am so happy to hear that one of my best friends will be getting married this October
She said all the wedding preparation will be done by her and her fiance
Because in China, most parents will undertake almost all wedding preparations instead of their children do
Now my friend has 8 months to prepare stuffs until October
So they will have a very beautiful wedding photo associate with good landscape
My friend also said that she will go to buy her wedding dress after the May Day Holiday
Because in China, MDH is a big holiday and almost every employee will have a 3-7 paid-holiday, and that means people will have free time to be invited to weddings or other big issues functions. -> 'issues' is used in a grave context when compared to 'functions
So many couples will choose MDH to celebrate their weddings
That will cause the price increasing inflation of  merchandise
And after the MDH, the prices will reduce to the normal standard
I hope she can find her own style
And I wish good luck to my friend."
This is my first article entry on Lang-8
I heard of this website from one of my friends
I found think this website is will be very helpful for my English learning
I am have been learning English for several years
I used to use it at work. during my working time
But I have not used it in nearly one (or \"a\" instead of \"one\") years because I quit that job. the pre-job (I'm not sure what you meant by \"pre-job
Now I am not familiar with writing in English anymore, but now I have decided to hunt for a new job in a foreign company, which will require me to have must need very good English skills
So I have decided to practice my English writing skills from now on, from on here, Lang-8
I hope my English Skills will enhance improve step by step (or, \"bit by bit
Then one night, i felt my nose was totally stopping up, I could not breathe at all
I had very bad sleep (or I slept badly) these past days because of the nose problem
I can not get to sleep
Even when I at last got to sleep, my sleep was not deep, and I awoke easily
When people talk to me, the voice sounds like it is like 30 miles away from me
It sounds like a piece of paper is covering my ear
I hate to have cold. (or I hate having a cold
My nose is still stopping up when i typing these words down as I type these words
I wish I can would get better soon."
Oh, my god
Can you imagine how what a cute old man he is, who is wearing a pink kimono, pink  wig and also holding some lovely dolls
I thought he was a young lady when I just saw him from behind
Today I  saw him again in the subway
But  he was  a little  different with from before, because this time he was wearing a green wig
There were so much many people staring at him
And the most unbelievable thing was that he was not didn't look like seem afraid, but rather excited."
私たちは、毎日　楽しく　過ごし（すごし）ています。
皆さん、もし海南へ旅行に行ったら、ぜひ私のうちに遊び（あそび）に来てください。
My English is so poor that l want to brush it up, and I want to make friends 
I like watching movies and traveling in many places
I need to use this article in class the day after tomorrow !!!Thank you very much
This “ O ma mo ri “ is very special to me.“ O ma mo ri “ , is means “amulet” in Japanese
It’s usually selling They are usually sold in Japanese shrines
I got this amulet from my pen-pal. (Is this what you mean
Both we We both like drawing so we met each other
About Three years ago, she went to Japan to for study abroad
At that time I was preparing for a college entrance test
She knew I was very impatient and things were not going well
Then she went to the shrine to buy bought an amulet and secretly sent it to me
When I received the amulet and the letter, I was very surprised
In the letter,she said this amulet was she specifically went to the shrine to prayed that I would do could going well
After reading the her letter, I was very touched
Because of this, I really treasure this amulet
Until now, Whether this amulet is working or not, I still take it with me everyday
Well, if you guys were hungry, what kind of confectionary\/snacks would you like to eat
 ]If if you guys were hungry, what confectionery(1) will(2) you eat
I like potato chips so very much
Please comment to let me know what kinds of confectionary\/snacks you prefer
I worked in the restaurant's kitchen from 5:00pm yesterday to 5:00am today
It was so hard and i was sleepy, i wanted to go back home. 
I think drinking  after the work is a pleasant feeling for me
Incidentally Also, Mischa Barton is so beautiful
I want my girlfriend to be like her."
It's fine today as I thought\/expected
I've been eating too much lately,my girlfriend might hate me for this X
It'stime to start exercising to lose weight
Good luck to me!"
I usually spend  holidays with shopping,having lunch with my friend,etc
I 'd not only meet with my friend, we'd almost plan what we would do in holiday before meet friends.I don't understand this sentence very well. You met with your friend, planned some acitivities and then met with other friends
How do you guys spends your holidays
Are there times when you only meet with friends and talk?"
I am having trouble with using the word \"fiscal
I have to write theses list on web page. [I am not quite sure what is meant here
There are many, many theses
So, I decided to divide the theses list by years
 the fiscal year in 2010
 the fiscal year in 2009
 the fiscal year in 2008
But, I understand that \"fiscal\" indicates a financial sense
The financial year is from October 1 to September 30
I want to need a word like the word 'fiscal' which means the term from April 1 to March 31
What words should I write instead of the phrase \"the fiscal year in XXXX
I got an e-mail from Waseda University. It was in Japanese and English
I got an e-mail from Waseda University. It was in Japanese and English
But since I had started taken taking many lessons in Japanese, my English has gotten worse
My English is getting poorer than before
I want to improve my English amd and Japanese
Although it is too very difficult for me, I will do my best
But I will do my best
I wish hope that in the future I can spoke nice will be able to speak English and Japanese in the future well
I've been so tired recently
Because I have to prepare for my final exams in college
It's They are the last tests in my college life
These days, I always want to take a nap for a while
And I was too tired so that I can't open my eyes. And I was too tired to open my eyes
It makes me remind reminds me of something
When I was as a volunteer during 2009 deaflympics at in Taipei
My friends gave me a nickname \"Alice.\" It was because that I always closed my eyes like Alice in wonderland
In fact, I was too tired to open my eyes
I wish hope I can pass all the exams eventually
Yesterday, I went shopping with friends☆
I have a lot of clothes already, so I didn't buy any clothes(;-ω
The chocolate was a little bitter(；´д｀
The sweet potatoes were so delicious(*´▽｀*)＜Sweet♪
I left half to give to my boyfriend(*´艸｀
Am I tender　
I have given up trying to think of complex sentences
I will write a short, simple diary
I'll do my best(*´▽｀*)ｂ
Japanese people write the symbol (笑) at the end of sentences
For example, it can be used when you want to say
「Did I say that　!?」
It can also be used to make sentences seem more light-hearted…？
You are not really a foreigner
This is my new band, Final Liberty, and I (just) uploaded my our song 'Evil Braze
The song is sung in Japanese, and I did the growling
I love guitar players influenced by Van Halen, this guy is very good at making melody lines
If you watch samurai X that is called rurouni kenshin in Japan, you may have listened to their song called pure feeling that is one third. (I don't know what you mean by \"one third
They made want to make songs like Van Halen first
I like hard rock songs more than heavy metal maybe, but sometimes I want to listen to Manowar and Judas Priest."
This is my first movie that I made, I made the music, and the movie was made by Makoto Shinkai, who made great animation movies in Japan
I think if I make some MAD movies and send them to some game companies,  they would think I can make some music videos
Movies with music are necessary for video games, and this skill is needed in all game companies, so I'll show them I'm good at making games
This is my first step on the way to my goal."
Please talk to me on Skype, my skype ID is moemoekenchang 
I live in Tokyo, Mitataka city, please add me
Tell (or 'teach') me how to speak English!!"
My dream is to make theme songs for  Japanese hentai games
When you think of hentai games, you'll have a negative image  maybe
But these games have great stories and melodious songs
For example, this is the theme song of Air
It has great lyrics and a great melody, don't you think so
If songs I made were listened to by anime fans and game fans, that would be great and this is my goal of my life
I respect the people who made these songs
My purpose in starting Lang-8 is to meet a lot of game fans and anime fans in abroad
I want to make hentai games in the future and make theme songs by myself
But my wish is more stronger than others
I have made this video for youtube and nikoniko movies, check it out!!!! (sounds more natural)"
This Song is Great
This song is great
In the 80's there are were a lot of great heavy metal bands
When I first heard this song I was in high school, and I was knocked out by Vivian's great guitar solo
I was knocked out by Vivian's greart guitar solo.*I added this to the previous sentence
This song remainds reminds me of my high school days when I didn't have friends and played guitar in my room
I don't have friends, so I played the guitar in my room and thought someday I wanted to join a band and play heavy metal.While playing guitar in my room, I often thought that I would someday want to join a heavy metal band. 
Heavy metal is my life and this song gives me power to _________ .ADD A WORD TO THE END SO IT CAN BE A COMPLETE SENTENCE"
In a village, people can't tell what they think , because they are afraid of being hated by others
Hated people will be ignored by others
Majority decides what is wrong and what is right, different kind of thinking is looked down upon
Since I was born, this village has been uncomfortable for me
Long time to no see
I have made an original song and I want to show you it
This song is from my new band 'Final Liberty' 
Final Liberty is made up of two people, myself, the guitarist and sound editor, and Yoryu, the singer
Presenting Abstract Thoughts in English
In Japan we are forced to be like others from when we are born
In elementary school, we are taught to conform with people in our class
For example, when an athletic meet is held, we are forced to march on like soldiers  in north korean
And if you make a mistake in such a situation, you are scolded by teachers
Not just in school, but also amongst your friends , when we go to 'KARAOKE' you must sing songs your friends know
If you sing metal songs , you are looked upon coldly by your friends
So if you were in Japan , you should make sure to conform with others
I must get up early tomorrow in order to play basketball at my university's gym
I sent an e-mail to my senior to play with me, but he won't come for when we have promised
That's because he's often late for appointments
If he is late tomorrow, I will practice shooting whilst waiting for him
While I was waiting for a customer, I was reading the book that my professor lent me
Compared to my previous job, my job now is easy and interesting
I think that there is nothing as easy a part-time job as mine
Useless][soccer]I just wanted to share this, \"What a big
Fox or Dog
Soccer] Did you see the Uruguay-Costa Rica football\/soccer match
Foreign VIPs came today without their interpreter
It is so relevant to my condition that I typed it twice. (or 'It's so crucial that I have to emphasize this phrase.' 
No doubt they are not very interested in using Japanese, I've already checked that
executive director, always does the his own right thing without considering the troubles that his actions bring. (is this what you mean? or is it 'always does the right thing in times of trouble
I am happy to work here and I will enjoy the rest of their 3-day stay in Japan. (because it seems that they are staying longer and you are only going to enjoy their stay for 3 days after that you're not going to anymore :P)"
Today I worked at a part time job
I had to wake up so early, and it was a long day , so now I am tired
But it was kind of fun
It is a event of TOMIKA and train ?? (Thomas the train
It is about a train toy that is popular in Japan, there are people who like to correct it ^^ (not quite sure what you mean ... 
I would rather go there just to get out (have fun), not really for work hehe"
It has been a long time that I didn't write since I've written a diary, so I wanna write about some things that happened in these days recently \/ in the last few days 
First I could found a job
It is so good because I was looking for a job that in which I could use my Portuguese skills, and this jjob is perfect
To tell the truth, I am not sure that I will could do it perfectly, but I will try hard
Now in Japan it is so hard to find a job, especially for foreigners. I am helping some Brasilian friends but it's hard
I want this bad time finish to end 
I wanna study more to xould   be able to help more people!"
My father did it for my parents because they will back to Brasil
necessity of \"a\" (it is just a minor spelling error. Those often happen due to similaritys in the pronounciation of 'c' and 's' that sometimes occure in english
It's a well-known story in Japan, told when you go to another country: (I had problems guessing your intention in this sentence, so I assumed you wanted to tell, that this story is told to people going to foreign countrys
A man said to the\/a reception clerk, \"Could you please call me docter, I'm feeling sick.\" (You need to add the \"to the\" or \"to a\" here, so it is clear that the clerk is the object. Your version might be misread as the man saying the words \"reception clerk
Yes, docter.\" but even though the man was waiting, a docter didn't come.(the \"however\" here is far, far too unclean english
A man, catching a cold or something, wanted to get a docter for him.(I do not remember comma gramatics very well, as I am allready using english like a mothertounge, but I am pretty sure that these two are superfluous
I often confuse about a, an, the it needs or not.[I recommend the following sentence:I often confuse \"a\" and \"an\" with each other, and do not know when it is needed, or not.orI am often confused about wether the use of \"a\" and \"an\" is nescessary, or not
Wrong articles create misunderstandings
So I must think of them \/ remember to use them."
Similarly, Nyankoi is a good anime, and I expect (instead of \"I expect\", you can use \"I anticipate\", \"I am waiting for\", etc.) the second season
But Kampfer is a bad anime. this It is merely sexual, and last ep the last episode was too very bad
Anyway, I have watched all of that those stories
JDAM_Cid You always nominate me to a follow friday. (This doesn't make sense to me
Haruhi matches songs of girls rock band's girls rock band songs
http:\/\/bit.ly\/7gQ6E8 BTW, Haruhi's new movie isn't playing at my region's theater
So I'm too very sad
Kampfer's ED song was made by the composer who did Harehare-Yukai from Haruhi, I heard
I read Ghost in the Shell on the in a magazine
That The story is the same as the anime Stand Alone Complex 1st season
Radiation Risk Too High
If we seriously think about the radiation risk, I think atomic power plants should only be constructed at very far from the city. In Japan there are only a few locations that could be used for that kind of area."
Now, I'm so sleepy, because I went to bed at 2AM last night. (2PM = two hours after noon, 2AM = two hours after midnight
Yesterday, I tried an Online English free-trial lesson
But my tutor's line had something wrong with it... so I couldn't talk much
At least I could get a feel for what the lessons are like, I decided to continue lessons
That is I speak too fast
Maybe it's because I got excited and tried to express myself too eagerly
Some seemed a little confused by my English
At that time, I spoke fast, too
I think I should have been more relaxed and should have spoken slower
I will be careful with this weakness."
From Starting April, It starts the will be my second year as a of member of society
Tomorrow, I will send an E-mail in English to an advanced-level speaker of English in my division
I would be interested in getting more information about cafeterias
You said that you know where the cafeteria is where foreign students from overseas gather to view cherry-blossoms
I want to know the name of the cafeteria and details of about the location
I find that it is difficult to make English text
I registered at Lang-8.com today
This is my first diary entry
I don`t know English grammar perfectly
But I have been studying it every day for a month
Right now my English isn't good
But I expect that it will get better as time goes by
Let me introduce myself to you, the readers of this diary
My name is Younha Hwang, and I am 24 years old
I was born in South Korea on July 9<SUP>th<\/SUP>, 1986
Korea, on July 9, 1986
I`m a junior at Hankuk University of Foreign Studies
I like to read the newspaper and play soccer, basketball, and StarCraft
Now I'm living in Kuwait, because I was chosen for a Kuwait government sponsored scholarship this year
I live in Kuwait right now because I decided to study on a scholarship given by the Kuwait goverment this year. < 축하합니다
I`m all my meals, housing, and classes are provided for free
Moreover I receive spending money of 100KD every month from Kuwait University
This is my first writing about myself
Am I a lucky guy
If my English gets as good as a native speaker, then I am certainly a lucky guy
Did you ever think how much you could save money if you have unique knowledge about the airlines which do not have other people do not have 
Now, airlines, to ensure that as much as possible for us to make and it only depends on us whether we will use this service deliberately. [Your meaning is unclear
Quite by chance, I came across on the Internet (on humans), an airline employee who knows how to simply pay less 
It was a great surprise to me that such knowledge existed
I decided to check it out and bought his guides
I must tell you that I'm still in shock. Airlines are doing great business in the giving great discounts to the ordinary passengers, but not to me
This guide is a real knowledge cost saver and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to save money on their flights."
What You Need to Know in Advance of Before Traveling
I've stayed in Australia (?) for 8 months so far
Here, it is now Spring
In Japan, we can see many cherry blossom trees in the springtime
I miss that so much, but I have found a flower just like a cherry blossom
I don't know it's name, but it is so beautiful
It has a purple color, but still looks like cherry blossoms
I was so happy to find it!"
There were lots of people at the sale.\"in\" the sale means that the people were being sold
If I had known that there would be a crowd, I might not have gone there
I bought a sports shirt for my father though."
I heard that the new place is the most exclusive building in this area
I have already moved offices two times\/twice since I have been employed
I have gotten tired of it..."
I had been feeling something was wrong in my throat and also my body
I was not sure what the name of the disease was
I had a headache and I couldn't go to work on Tuesday
The next morning I thought I might be fine and I went to work
I went to the clinic that was close to my office
The nurse told me, that the doctor said to stop the drip
Anyway I went home that afternoon
I didn't have an appetite
The next day I took day off from work
Now I'm getting better
I really think being healthy is very important
I want to ask my boss if I can have a day off
I have been studying\/practising Japanese flower arranging \"IKENOBO\"for about 10 years
I attended to the seminar today
It is held at this time every year
IKENOBO is an old and traditional style\/art\/tradition of flower arranging in Japan."
It's gotten hotter
The rainy season has come in to Osaka
I know it's important for crops however
As soon as I got to a the restaurant, it became heavy rainy began to rain heavily
We chatted about many things
It's was almost 11p.m
The Then the rain was started letting to let up
我在大学学习汉语大学。
我学习汉语二个月了。
我的汉语能力是很低。
I went to the dentist.. 
I went to the dentist yesterday
The doctor said \"Your teeth are strange\" Because there was permanent tooth under the another permanent tooth (two-tiered tooth
I couldn't eat food after they pulled my teeth
I could eat breakfast this morning
I am learning English, Korean, and Finnish
It is very interesting to study a foreign language
If I had more time, I would study Russian and Thai (language
I study chemistry at an university
Perfume is made of organic compounds
So, I want to work for a chemical plant  in the future
KOTATSU is very nice
I want to eat orange in KOTATSU."
I wrote a paper on a chemical engineering experiment and handed it in to my professor
I used a small-sized steam boiler and a heat exchanger
These structures are so complicated
The principle of the heat exchanger is difficult for me to understand
I calculated the energy balance and the heat exchanger of heat dissipation was a negative number
Usually, the heat loss is positive number
The experiment was a failure..."
It is clowd cloudy today
It There was a storm yesterday
The rain and wind were so very strong
A flood occurred in my town
The situation had even been broadcasted in the news
By the way, I am going to go to a dentist to pull my teeth have my teeth pulled tomorrow
It will start at 10 O'clock a.m. 
I may not be able to sleep tonight for strain. because of stress. (I think that's what you meant.)"
It is my second PC
My first PC was broken , it was 9 years old
Now, I writing this diary with my new PC
I like fruits
I bought some fruits at super market
The star fruit was very sour and a little hard
It has same shape as a star
So, it is called a \"star fruit
It color is pink
It tastes watery and a little sweet
I planted the seeds in a pot
I can't wait for the seeds to germinate."
It is 30 degrees Celsius this morning
It was 36 degrees Celsius in my room yesterday afternoon
I carried out a chemical experiment 2 days ago at  the university
Then, I was very tired because I carried outperformed Aniline distillation by utilizing thedistillation  apparatus for 4hours
Performing chemical experiments is very interesting, but it is very troublesome to write a report about the experiment
Now, I am writing the report about the experiment
Finnish verb \"istua\" and \"istuutua\"  what is the difference
I guess  thisese verbs are very nearly mean each other.have similiar meanings.(I am not sure what you mean! 
I read checked the Finnish-Japanese dictionary but I couldn't solve understand this problem
Please teach me the differences between  \"istua\" and \"istuutua
Foreign languages isare very difficult."
The first photo is a mango sappling
I ate the Mango then planted the seeds
This Mango had been growing for about a month
The second photo is a Star Fruit sappling
It's been growing for about 4 month
Star fruits are fcking expensive
Costs 498 yen each
Since people in the US think in USD, i'll put it in terms you understand. This fruit is now worth more than your house
If I bought a Star fruit overseas, would probably be a bit cheaper
At first it was brown, then its skin peeled away
It cost 98 yen
About 1,000 USD adjusted for expected hyper inflation
The weather is stormy today
The rain and wind are very strong as if like there is a typhoon since yesterday night
This area has been given a storm warning
Hi, I wasn't able to write my diary because I was a little busy last week. (wasn't is more natural
Today, I had a conversation class
I couldn't do enough preparation before the class, so I was a little nervous
But I was able to talk smoothly
I was a little proud of my English ability
Today's topic was shopping
I want to improve my English ability soon
with me
My passport will expire next month
So, I have to get a new one
I brought all the required items
But my friend forgot to bring the official copy of his family register
Of couse, he couldn't get his passport
It is an airline class
Today's topic was about flight attendants
What do you call a person who works on a plane in English
We usually say Cabin Attendant or Flight Attendant in Japan
Please check my grammar and expressions."
Chinese 
Today I had Chinese class
I have been studying Chinese for three months
Chinese is very complex, especially the pronunciation
However, Chinese is fun because my teacher is very kind (or: nice
In particular, I would like you to suggest better phrases that a native speaker might use."
Nagoya is in central Japan
I go to the university in Nagoya
I am major in English
I also study Chinese in my university
I would like to study abroad next year
My college has many scholarships
I want to get them, especially the Walt Disney World scholarship
I have to get a high TOEFL score by this October
Please support me on lang-8
I will write diaries on lang-8 as often as possible
I'd be grateful if you could check my grammar and expressions
PrimaryUsually, I always clean the 3D-glasses
I wanna buy many souvenirs, especially Vynulmation
Do you know that? \"Have you heard about it?\"is a better phrase
They are very famous goods
I'd be happy if you tell me your favorite places in L
I study hard everyday
I hope all of the things are perfect in my life
But I miss another people
You don't remind me of anybody. 
I fogot ererything,and I lost my mermories."
I got one at last (but it is pre-paid
I was tense, because it is my first time to contract with something
I wanted to buy a smart phone, but new one. The \"Xperia arc\" aren't in the shop
I'm going to use the pre-paid until they sell the \"Xperia arc
Someone spoke to us about when she fell down in front of a lot of people
Another told us about when he encounted some wolves incidentally in the forest
I got a tattoo
I talked about a very difficult topic today
One for example; \"what does global warming cause
Eliada and I discussed the earthquake. OR Eliada and I talked about the earthquake
My English is poor, so it didn't carry along
I had a very good time
smile ^_^ <(^-^)> =D :)"
This is my first diary
I came to NY last weekend
Fortunately, all of my family and friends are safe, but I'm worried about Japan
I believe Japan will never give up and always rise again
Because Japan is the land of the rising sun
Pray for Japan\" 
and smile."
I went to see the Pride Parade on 5th Ave. yesterday
In a word, it was fabulous!! (\"in a word\" is usually at the beginning
I have never seen so many gay & lesbian people
There were filled by rainbow stripes all over the place
Everyone dressed up, and there were incredible people I can't explain well (in part because they were often obscene
But they seemed very happy and excited because the same sex marriage bill was approved the day before
Therefore I saw many boards signs which said \"Thank you CUOMO\", \"We can get married!\" or \"Will you marry me?\" lol
Even the lighting of the Empire State Building was rainbow colors last night!"
So I could go to buy something to eat in the evening
Everyone was saying (or \"was exclaiming\") \"We won!\""
Her eyelids was were painted with eyes and she had never opened her eyes during news conference
I think she is 100 times more funny than a boring comedian!!"
It is located in one of the oldest districts of Moscow – Zamoskvorechye, not far from the Kremlin. --- i think thats what you might have meant
my sadness
Today I went to Rokkakudo in Kyoto
Recently I've been thinking that I should go to the many beautiful places in here
So, I went to there
It was small, but a beautiful place
But there is Starbucks coffee next to it
but I drank coffee in that Starbucks.."
I've just got back to my home in Kyoto! (ちょうど帰った所だっての意味でしたか)？
Yesterday, I went back to Tokyo
And I met with my mother, and I gave a Christmas present to her. (「...and I gave her a Christmas present」の方がもっと自然
So I was very happy (about it) ^^.(She liked it, which made me very happyとも言える
I had wanted that, so her choice was great
It was made from ume plum (If you'd prefer to leave the Japanese word in there, that's fine), prune and honey♪
It made me fine feel great!"
I'm feeling a little tense
Today I bought a christmas present for my mother 
I will give it to her as soon as I return to my country
I really hope she likes it!"
Cafe at in Kyoto
Today I went to the a cafe with my friend in Kyoto♪
The name of the cafe is \"Otahuku ko-hi
The shop was had a nostalgic atmosphere
Coffee was mild and tasted good, of course
So I look forward to going to next another cafe with my friend!"
Because
Today I learned writing to write documents in business.(If you mean you learned to write them in a Business class, capitalize Business. If you mean documents for business, change it to \"business documents
It was very difficult to making make clear sentences
I have understood understand I'm a poor writer
But today I really felt that Japanese is a difficult language
I'd like to be a  good Japanese writer as much as I'd like to be a good an English writer, so I must study Japanese, too
See above line."
Today (December 22) is  the winter solstice
In Japan, we take a hot yuzu (a citrus fruit) bath on that day. (Here I would use the native Japanese word, yuzu. You can give the English definition in parentheses
Today I was going to take a hot yuzu bath, but I forgot to buy some... 
So I'm going to take a normal bath tonight
Drawing pictures
the Watching movies makes me feel like drawing the pictures
As soon as  I went to buy sketchbook and pencil
At first I tried to draw  a picture by sight
I really want to draw while looking my garden but it was cold
When I showed that picture to my grandmother, then she said \" can you draw a picture of a cow for me, I'd like to use one for a letter.\" 
Do you understand why she said that things
Because they [we?] have a custom to send a letter on January 1st
We generally write \"Happy New Year\"and a picture of the twelve signs of the Chinesed zodiac in letters
The picture which I drew is too big so she maybe will scan it with the computer
I have thought about drawing Peter Rabbit for a long time sometimes, so this time I was pleased to draw it
I'm sorry I'm not able to put pictures on this diary."
i am writing a diary entry for the first time
yesterday i went to an amusement park with my sister
it takes thirty minutes to get there with using freeway
if  i get through the entrance by nine in the morning,it is very cheaply
i left home at eight thirty for  that to do but i had to pay twice the amount of money because we made a  mistake in choosing the correct freeway exit of freeway
seeing as we arrived at the amusement park without getting into an accident
first we enjoyed riding attraction that are selected by Guinness book of world records
it is the most  highest and fastest in the world
we made posed for the camera to come out  on the way
we had good smiles in the photo
so we wanted to buy the photo but another person was saying
they're face didn't look good
we abandoned buying photo and we promised to buy a photo someday
after that we took a bath in the spa
for example hot bath, tepid water
and the scenes were different
i relaxed looking at a river, waterfall, and bamboo
recently  Japanese garden instead of increase west garden. (I'm not sure what you're trying to say here... Maybe \"Recently, Japanese gardens are increasing in popularity.\" But...I'm not sure if this is what you meant
so i think that  we have to treasure the Japanese garden
now my father is studying in  Tokyo
when he comes back, I want to go there again with my family
we could make good memories."
At first, it seems like drawings, not letters
So It was difficult even to write each letter
But now, I can read the Hiragana and Katakana and involve in simple conversation
Basic patterns of Korean letters
Type in Chinese or Japanese is takes more time and complex
I heard that the development of Korean IT industry is somewhat affected by the Korean input system.(it's one of the reasons why I am thankful for being Korean
The first one is the admission
Students who go this route who want to use this way have to take the GSAT(General Scholastic Ability Test) during in each winter vacation
If it goes smoothly, you can enter college earlier and have 2~3 more months of summer vacation
The second approach one is to take the DRT(Department Required Test) in each during the beginning of summer vacation
Moreover, the DRT always puts focus on the most difficult parts of the courses, so most of the students would rather give up courses of 3rd grade than take the DRT
They only have to fill in the departments they want to enter in on the form on the website of UAC on the UAC website's form, and wait for the result according to their grades
In other words, the grades determine the outcome make the decision
I think that the first way is better because it make schools and parents help students to find their target in of life earlier
High school students in Taiwan must arrive at school by at 7:30 every day, and stay in school for 9 hours until 17:00
The admission will improve students' motivation to of learning learn, and it may convince parents to give their children more free time
I really feel some pressure
Recently, I am always thinking of the years when i was young，which was happy，relaxing, and there was no pressure
I'm looking forward to the future 
It suggests via a picture that China has the dirtiest air condition full of tiny particles all around the country
The atmosphere here is even denser than that in Sahara Desert
It is said the particles, the diameter of which is small to a certain extent, can be easily inhaled to the finest part of our lungs, called \"Alveolus\", then may trigger some serious disease like cancer
This pic was taken just now（5:30pm） at from my balcony 10-storeyed high apartment's balcony，Guangzhou City
The lens is towards west, supposing to capture some sunset scenery but totally vague here and the sun was just missing
One may think it is foggy but truly it is not the case as the weather is extremely muggy at the moment that so you will not feel not that easy without an air-conditioner, with a temperature up to 30c and humidity up to 80
Actually, this weather condition is called haze, a common weather situation for Guangzhou these years
Last year I grew tulips and they bloomed very beautifully
Last week, I ordered tulip bulbs for next spring bloom
This is the first time for me writing on Lang-8
I speak like a one or two years old child
I'm looking forward to getting replies from people living all over the world
We can communicate easily without the distance of speaking different languages
Making friends with foreigners is more would be easier with foreigner
Secondly, studying English will help us enlarge our knowledge about of different kinds of fields, such as economics and information technology, which is are mostly written about in English
Thirdly, studying English will make our lives more comfortable
We will be able to work for international corporations, where English is needed the most needed
Moreover, we can get promotions more easily and we can earn a lot of money
In conclusion, I think English is the key to opening a new life
Studying English should be taken into more consideration for by young people
Thanks & Best regards "
There are two sides to life
One is happiness, and the other is sadness
Whenever I receive a client's disgruntled e-mail, I feel it is a bad day
There are many ways I can make myself feel better
First of all, I analyze the reasons to find the source of the trouble
Then, I discuss how to solve the problem with my team members
I know that worrying and being sad will ruin my ability to think clearly, so I try to avoid negative emotions
Secondly, if I can not solve the problem by myself, I will ask my supervisor to help me
My supervisor's advice has the best solution for me. It's always valid
Thirdly, I can think in a positive way, because I know that everything always has a root cause
I can handle the problem by discovering and dealing with all these root causes
In my opinion, I think sharing our problems with everyone whom we trust and not giving up is the best solution for all problems."
We have not met each other for nearly two years
I just remembered that we had great time in California
I and my wife My wife and I are working as ticket seller, our schedule is not flexible
Moreover, my children have just started school in few days, thus we could not able to couldn't  join your party
I am so (do\/ really) apologize for that we miss your party
PS: My children also miss yours children so much."
Should be nervous or happy? subject needed
I just received announcement that I will attend to new project on next Monday
It means that I should have more responsible to communicate with Clients who are native speaker. single or plural
I do not dare about my technical skill, because I believe I can handle this project well. wrong word
Any way, I should deals with this real thing. verb
I will try to practice English regularly, especially in writing skill the most weak I am. word order
Totally I get home so late from my company, that why I have no time to study at English center
I am very sad today, I would like to share my feelings with you
I just scolded my younger sister
She is studying in the 11th grade now
She asked me to allow her to visit her friend's hometown
If I allow her to go one time, maybe she will try to get my permission again in the future
Because we live far from our family, I have the responsibility of taking care of her
My father always expects me to take care of her, I cannot reject this mission
Unfortunately we meet everyday
I know how sad she is, but I have to do this
I prefer to be a strict person at the moment, rather than a tolerant one
Most people prefer a undemanding teacher rather than strict teacher
In the future they may remember and say to themselves
I wish I had done something when I had the chance, rather than regret the past. ~(not sure if this was what you were trying to get across) 
I have to do what I don't want to do, because I made a promise with my father
Am I a strict person
I just want to sleep now, may be tomorrow will be better."
My favorite place to relax 
We can make create a small group of (friends\/etc) and play together
No matter who wins or loses, we are always exciting & happy enjoy our time there. 
At that place, We can always spend as much time as we can want there and enjoy playing badminton without restriction. exception which will not happen in working time
This place likes our own home for live together. It is like our second home. 
We don't have to worry about solving difficult problems like daily task at the company we do at work
There are no supervisors, bosses( , ) or colleagues observing our steps what we do. 
How about What is your favorite place
Is it maybe cafe or a beach? 
I'm looking forward to your corrections
10th entry: \"In your opinion, why do people raise money for charity? Have you ever done anything to raise money for charity
There are plenty of reasons for raising money for charity
The most important reason is sharing with the Poor
As you know, Our society is developing rapidly, thus the living cost is also increasing quickly
As a result, it is difficult for poor people to survive
People are ready to give a hand to the poor who really needs our helps
Some people have a strong beliefs that, if we help someone right now, we will get more in the future
This belief has been proven for many years
It is the truth, when we give to charity to help the poor, we feel happy ourselves
I also do charity whenever I have the chance
Actually we have a charity fund in our company, each staff will become a member for contributing to this fund. ( Do you mean each staff will become a member of the company after contributing to this fund or each of them must be a member of this charity fund
We always help the poor, especially children who have no chance to study
We help them by providing all the necessary things like cloths, food, and books as well
In my opinion, doing charity is not always by giving money to the poor
As students we can do things such as like spending time with the poor, working at charity organization
This is the fair life.( This doesn't make sense. Sounds weird. Can you tell me what you were trying to say?) --> This is the fairness in life
I am looking forward to receiving your valuable corrections or reading my entry
7th entry: Unknown things about the human body 
Unknown things about the human body
 In one's lifetime, their heart beats 3 billion times and pumps 48 million gallon blood
 On average, a human brain contains about 100 billion neurons
 We were born with 300 bones, when we are adults, we might have only 206 bones
 There are 15 million blood cells* being destroyed in our body every second."
There are many well know university of Viet Nam in HCM such as The Natural & Science university, the HCM technology University, HCM Economics University. spelling
There is no doubt that more and more students from other cities want spend time to study in HCM. [...want to spend time studying in HCM city is possible, but \"spend time\" does not really add any meaning - if you study, you must spend time doing it
These University provide us the newest knowledge about technology, Science, Economics, etc... single or plural
Beside the university, we would consider about other education center like English center. single or plural
There are many opportunities for young students who want get a chance to study with foreign teachers, and they can enlarge their knowledge in the fastest & most efficient way
There are many international corporate, private company which is most challenge for young people who want to work for. single or plural
There are much investment for HCM now, People will have chance to work for rest of their life. verb
Thirdly, HCM city is a place for use to relax, there are many favourite place to enjoy for spare time such as cinema, park, or even church. single or plural
No matter old or young people, they are still enjoying about the life a park
They make a group and do exercises in the morning
At evening time, they enjoy with chit chat and drinking a cup of coffee
The park is a paradise for couple sometimes I heard. single or plural
If you want a place for studying or working, just come to HCM and enjoy life here."
Can we live without dreams
The first is to become an IT (information technology) teacher
In personal, Personally, I wish I will to bring the knowledge to my hometown which is still poor now
I believe there is no place more thirsty for knowledge than my hometown
There are a lot of people who have no chance to study at a good school environment, because of they are busy spending most of their time for earning money for life
Parents who are really want their children can go to school like others, but they must deal with the most difficult thing: money
To Becoming a teacher will not only help me to share knowledge with them, but also I love this job very much
I wish I could establish a small education center. [Or: I want to establish a small education center
One side, I will teach them how to use the computer, the other side is created job for them by getting works from other companies. 
To reach make my dream come true, I will try to get familiar job beside the software testing I do now
Because I work far from my parents, so I can only visit them on holiday
Luckily, they were encouraging about opening the center in my hometown
So I can take care of both of them for all my life
That’s all about my dream
Thanks for your consideration about this journal, looking forward for your correction
I hope your dreams come true
I am studying how to write a business mail
Is this\/the following mail right
It is very difficult for me to write a business mail
I have just decided the schedule of the program
If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to send me an e-mail. (The please is only to make it more polite
Lucy comes to Japan   July 22, 2010
Announcement to the participant(s) July 30,2010"
Many Japanese takes their work very seriously. It is \"take\" and not \"takes\" because you're using a plural subject (\"many Japanese
But, my husband does not. \"But\" tends to be more of a conjunctive word used to connect clauses (eg. Many Japanese take their work very seriously but, my husband does not.) If you start a new sentence, I suggest \"However, my husband does not
He sometimes plays truant from (his) work! \"Play truant\" tends to be used more in the context of a student skipping school. I suggest \"He sometimes skips out on his work
That\/This surprises me
Should I comfort to him
This stumps me
I applied for a marathon race to get my spirits up
The marathon race will be held two weeks later
So, I need some exercise
I jog and do yoga for exercise once a week
Doing yoga requires concentration
There is a yoga pose which requires standing on one leg
It is really different from a sense of usual
I feel tired, but it makes me relax."
Tahiti is very mystic island
I was enjoyed snorkeling around reef-fringed islands. (a reef-fringed island
I watched the beautiful sun setting on the skyline every day
It was an amazing and liberating experience
There were many Japanese newlyweds in the hotel where we stayed
I wanted to get away from civilization and crowds
So it was actually quite awkward when I met them in restaurant in the hotel."
I bought a useful book called \"Business Quick English 〈Mail〉.” \"Called\" here serves the same function as \"という”　in \"Business Quick English 〈Mail〉\"という本
This book helps me write e-mails
Before the test, I have to make ready many materials for the students. You can also use: I have to prepare many materials for the students. Also, \"I have to ready something\", is usually used in the context of preparing a machine or contraption. Eg. I have to ready the car for the trip tomorrow
Some students may forget to bring their pencil(s
Some students may not know their test room and get lost. Since you are using the plural (\"Some students\"), you cannot use \"his\" or \"her\" in the rest of the sentence, since they are not plural. 
The built-in speaker in the test room may suddenly break
I am very shy, so I have difficulty in improving my English speaking ability
When my husband and I went to Tahiti, my husband asked me, (We usually use a comma and not a period before quotations
“Why do you speak English with a sheep’s such a hushed voice? Ahh... I'm sorry, I crossed out \"sheep's voice\" because I have never heard of such an expression in English. I replaced it with \"hushed\", which means \"quiet and low
He can’t speak English, but he looked having like he had a lot of confidence. Also possible: He can't speak English, but he looked very confident
Unlike last year, this season’s contestants look having like they have no confidence in their own ability
I very much empathize with them
I suggest combining this sentence with the one above like so: If I am confident, I may be able to overcome my weak point
Yesterday, my boss’s guest came from Australia
I served her some tea as an office clerk
In such situation, should I say something to her
I didn't respond to her
One of the two wears a mask to prevent giving us her cold
Though, I wish she would wear a mask, how about in other countries
In your country, does a person with a cold wear a mask to avoid spreading a virus
I am walking with one's my feet sliding along the floor
I and mMy husband and I live at on the second floor
The residents who are living at on first floor sometimes complain to us
They said \"wWhy are you were so noisy?\", but even though we live normally
We don't think we are not noisy, but they said that they are troubled by noise from the second floor
They said that we should not take a bath after PM 10:00pm, and we should live in the business district, because here this is a quiet neighborhood
This apartment is was made very cheaply made, but the rent is high rent, and it which caused this problem
Anyway, I and my husband and I will walk with our feet sliding along the floor in our flat, just like a NINJA!"
We hold a Halloween Party to get to know each other
We played the \"mummy game
The fastest team wins
All the mummies made from toilet paper made us laugh
I feel a difference  in our national characters. (Though I find that your sentence is correct also, I think that using a plural form helps show the contrast between the national characters more
She shows her feelings strongly when she is angry. You cannot say \"She feels strong\" because then strong would be the adjective that describes the person. You need to use \"strongly\", which is an adverb that will describe the verb, in this case, \"shows her feelings
The Japanese don’t really anger like that, especially in the office. OR: Japanese people don't really like anger like that, especially in the office
But, I just try to get used to it
In fact, I find her to be very terrible
but it is a very good opportunity to understand 
differences between countries
I watched \"The Sixth Sense
Yesterday, I watched \"The Sixth Sense\"on TV
I just happened to catch thewatched this movie from last 10 minutes by chance
Since it was something miysterious, I was caught up in the story in a moment
And all of a sudden I noticed what the twist was. ('twist' = 'secret', used when talking about movies)the shocking fact
YouThis movie shouldn't not watch this movie from the last scene
My husband and I work out during the weekend by jogging. 
I'm not quite sure what you mean by this sentence... ^^;. Is it in the sense of \"Many people are fans of jogging in nature
We are very busy on weekdays. Writing formally in English, one does not usually begin a sentence with \"because.\" 
I suggest: Of course, I also have to cook
On weekends, we also go to a café in the morning. Actually, I`m not sure how to correct this sentence because I`m not sure if you mean that you usually go to cafes during the weekend. I am a bit confused because the title of this entry is \"Happy Holiday\", so I thought that perhaps you meant that you went to a cafe during during your holiday - the correct sentence to use would then be \"On the weekend, we also went to a cafe during the morning
My husband spent a relaxing time with a newspaper spread out in front of him
I enjoy the taste and smell of coffee, while reading a paperback
I love happy holidays. 
I have to go the my company for my works.Although you don't own the company, we say my company to show that it is the place you normally work. It is the same as saying \"At my school 
Tomorrow, I will also go to the factory for stockstake. You need to use 'will' to show future tense.The correct word is 'stocktake'. You take note of the stock
As an accountant I usually work hard in from the end of month till the 6th of next month
Everyday, i I start at 8:00 am and finish at 7:pm, . i If it is the end of the month, i I often work until 9:pm."
I'm a Vietnamese girl
I'm an assistant for an accountant in a foreign company
In addition, I would also like to exchange Vietnamese culture with someone who would like to study Vietnamese culture and language
This is my Ninth story
There was no one on basketball court
Yeah, it was a little bit cold to play basketball and it was late. This sentence is correct, but it sounds more natural as: \"Yeah, it was late and a little to cold to playing basketball, but I did anyway
So I played basketball alone
After A few minutes later, someone came to the court and played basketball
Then, We played together ten minutes later
I had a lot of conversations with him during while playing
After we played two games, we became a friends
There are many ways to make a friend
And I think it's one of the best ways to do it is by exercising together
We can get more closer after we played something together
So I love playing something(\"something\" is correct, but \"sports\" is better)."
I took an exam yesterday
The name of the exam was \"MCAS\". 
You might know of this exam because it is for earning an international computer license
MCAS is the acronym for Microsoft Certified Application Specialist. Initials are used for names
This test examines your ability of using computer programs released by Microsoft (Excel, PowerPoint, Word and Outlook
I took the exam on Powerpoint
I got (Suggestion: \"I scored 940 points.\" Sounds a lot better.) 940 points (you need to get at least 700 point to pass the exam). I was very happy because I studied by myself
Most people study for this test in an academy
Because they want to get the license quickly, they spend a lot of money to take the exam. (When you start the sentence with \"Because..\" you state the reason first, then the action
That's why people prefer to study in the academy
But I decided to study by myself and I finally got my first license
Of course, it took me about a month. (it's two times longer than studying in the academy) I'm studying the other subjects by myself."
It's My Sixth Story
The weather gets warm and the mountains are changing green. (-ing form of the verb \"change\" matches with the present tense, \"are
But the weather has been terrible for the past few days. (I changed \"a few days\" to \"past few days\" to match the past tense of \"has
Three days ago, it snowed a lot
It had snowed for nine hours. The height of snow might have been about 5 cm
When I woke up the next morning, the world had changed to white
So most of the snow melted away soon
I had to go out to work. I felt like I would be blown away in the rain
My pants were wet when I came to the office
I hear that the temperature has dropped below zero
And it is also windy
I go to work by bicycle andmy hands seem to be frozen. (instead of saying \"my hands seem to be frozen\", you can also say \"my hands feel like they are freezing
My collegue says that the situations in the movies might really happen. (you can also say \"My colleague says that whatyou see in the movies might really happen
Of course, it is not true , but I think it might be possible in the future
Therefore I think we have to do something to fix nature. (sounds more natural)"
I read an English newspaper about the\/a accident that happened in Detroit
 The owners ) didn't even notice it was missing until the next morning
It's a kind of cookie which is very interesting
You will get a message which predicts your day once you split the cookies. < 'after' is correct, but in this sentence, 'once' has the meaning 'immediately when
People buy it just for fun
And there was a message like this : \"It will be a luck day.\" I didn't care about it since I bought it just for fun
But today is really a happy day. < you don't believe the prediction, but it really came true
I can't tell you about that exactly, but it is a very lucky day for me
And I think it is a good idea to buy this cookies, even though it's just for fun
I will buy more of it later
You should my second diary before you read my fifth story.\"Dairy\" is milk or milk-based products like cheese
I haven't been able to see her for a few days
I tried to find her in the building, but Icouldn't find her
She mighthavequittedher job
I amhappy when I saw her...If you use \"was\", it means you feel happy in the past, now you don't
If she comes back, I will talk to her
It's my seventh story
Since using this site, I have more opportunities to read other people's essays
I have studied English by myself before I knew the site, so I didn't have a chance to read them
Now, I can read a lot of essays written by English learners
Actually, I am surprised by their writing
They don't make mistakes in their sentences and they use very nice words
Their expressions are also good
Thinking about it more and more makes me lose my confidence
I was in a slump for the last few weeks
And now, I'm going to start again
It may be swollen
These days, I reciteEnglish articles loudly right after I wake up
Now, I'm drinking a lot of water, but it has no effect
I hate having injections."
I had some trouble with a college
But I didn't do anything wrong
So I cleaned my office instead of working during the morning. the placement of this sounds weird to me. I think you can say :So in the morning, instead of working, I cleaned my office instead
I always clean up my room when I'm upset. you can also say: I always clean my room, instead of clean up
I can forget the bad feeling while i am cleaning my room
It's been a long time since I visited this site
because i had a lot of things to do
I decided to study english this year and I finally thought of Lang-8
So, I came back
I hope you will be my English teacher or friend
Add me to your friend list
I'll be waiting for your request."
However, I was worried that I couldn't make friends once I joined this site
I hesitated for a few days to join this site for a few days
Finally, I joined but it was sad at the beginning because nobody corrected my diaries
Because nobody corrected my diarys
So I thought that it was a waste of my time
Then, I tried tostopped using this site
Yet when I entered the site again, I found that someone had corrected my First diary. (you can use 'logged on' to replace 'entered
Thus, I decided to use this site more often
After that, I began to make more friends
Now, I have made many friends and I exchange a lot of emails with them
And I interchange a lot of emails with them
It really helps me to study English and makes me study more harder than before
Hay fever
I have hay fever
My eyes itch and my nose is ticklish
In such train, when I can not stop sneezing, I feel very terrible."
I am now studying the lens systems ofmovie cameras
I would like to fabricate the camera for a 3D movie. (do you mean replicate 
But the design of the lens system is very difficult for me
Today , it is sleeting(snowy rain) and the wind is roaring in Tokyo, Japan
In spring we sometimes have snow, but in winter we usually have little snow
Presentation on this thursday
This semester I am going to do T. A. work
works
So I have to make a presentation in front of almost 400 freshmen this Thursday
Most of them are good at English because they lived in English speaking nations. (\"Countries\" is better than \"nations\" here, both are correct though
The following is my script to talk
Recently
smartphones like the iPhone and social network services like Facebook and Twitter have become very popular
But don’t you think that this is a just the beginning of something 
So our objective is to design the next generation of social network services or social network supporting tools that can be run on smartphones or handheld devices, and that also uses mobile sensors actively
The most important thing is to be a creative
During the project, you may have to deal with issues like privacy, security and usability
These are examples of current services, but we are expecting your more brilliant ideas
Then you may beat the Mark Zuckerberg, who created Facebook in his dorm room while only 23 years old, and is now the youngest billionaire in the world
I thought that I'd like to start writing in English so that I can become good at English like native speakers
So I searched on the Internet for a paid English writing correction service and fortunately I found this site, lang-8
At first, I doubted wheather whether it is a weired weird site or not but now I am satisfied with this service after using it a couple of times
The mutually beneficial concept that of \"I scratch your back, you scratch mine\" is not only attractive but it works well in reality. 
It is not because of money or a to get certain rewards,. It is the good mind that motivates people to do something and it makes a community
And the community gives help to all the individual members in the community in turn
What an attractive situation it is
Altought this site is somewhat slow and it has a inconvenient interface in a way, I hope this site will be thriving
I hope this site becomes a splendid space that where I can make many friends to talk and know each other, and also learn Eenglish
Thanks for to all friends who read this.or: Thanks to all friends for reading this
How silly I am.was
This evening, a professor suggested to me that we eat dinner together
Although I had full of stomach because of a late lunch, I followed him
We went to one of the finest hotel buffets in the city
I think he was satisfied with the fact that I registered for a doctoral degree course
It will be the first time that he has a PhD
student in our lab's history
Frankly, I am not sure that I can be a great researcher, or that I can even get a PhD degree
I will do try my best."
It's a rainy day
Today it's a rainy day
So the rain was falling on my bare head
After the rain
I might catch a cold....."
Well I got the information about this web on the Chinese Twitter (Sina-Weibo
I think this is an amazing idea, communicating and learning language like this
Hope I can make some friends here~"
Today was a rainy day
During the time,  I cut wax to make original partern of silver accesories on business. Sorry, I'm not sure what you want to say in this sentence
After she returned to home
her class's new teacher came
She said that she is was planning to visit eight students
She stayed at my home for only  fifteen minutes
I think there is a difference between  teachers of  kindergarten and elementary school. I think this is what you want to say?"
I come am from China and am an English major from the college of Wuhan City, HuBei Province
I just have registered this webset thanks to one of my good friends who said that you can meet and make friends with people from all over the world by correcting diaries written by others or making having your own corrected
I also think it is a good and efficient way to improve our ability of using a foreign language masterly well during our studies. \"Masterly\" sounds very awkward
So, I am very happy and expected excited to meet good friends at here
And I am looking forward to letting everyone correct my \"homework\" and helping me to make progress everyday
I am very happy today because I saw a wonderful scene---the full of Solar Eclipse,which was happened in the most areas of China around 9:26 am Beijing time on 22,July,2009
It was an unusual thing which was hasnot happened before during this century
And she also said that she was very lucky that she could see it again during the remainder of her life
So I hoped that I could be as lucky as she was
I got up so early this morning that I would not miss this opportuninty. Spelling error
At first,the sunshine was not very bright because there were some clouds and mist around it
But when it was about 8:14,the moon was started to cover the sun
It also meant the begining of a partial eclipse
And then the sun appeared gradually and it was wholly showing it's face about 10:45
At this moment of his emergence,I saw clearly that from the darkness there suddenly appeared a bright ray of light which was shining like a diamond---so great and so beautiful
Likewise,my elder sister took some exciting photoes about the wonders today,although they are not very clear due to the annoying clouds
So,I'm also very glad to show them for all of you
I bought some comic books today
Do you know about this comic book
There are many famous books comics in Japan
I heard that the some foreigners are interested in Japanese Manga culture
I think that the Manga is very interesting
Because most Japanese tends to consider Manga to be juvenile books
I guess football is the most popular sports in Europe
I played football at from the age of  9 to 14
When I was 12 years old, I was elected as a delegate player of the football team of the prefecture
And then, we faced the Korean team as for an international match
It was a very exciting game and this game is was the best match ever
After that the both teams, Japan and Korea, eat ate\/had lunch together
We couldn't understand the each others languages which each other speaks but we had a lot of fun."
I love the series of the 007 and James Bond.I love the 007 series and James Bond
There are many actors who acted the James Bond.Many actors have acted as James Bond
He's very cool and his action is exciting! He's very cool and his acting is exciting
One of this attractions is the weapons which Bond uses. One of these attractions is the weapons which Bond uses
The most impressive item is the car which can be transparent. The most impressive item is Bond's car, which has the power to become invisible
And also the Bond Girl is the necessary factor.We cannot do without the Bond Girl either
Three months have passed since I wrote my last diary
However, I will try to write diary as frequently as possible from now on
Yesterday, I was elected (chosen) as a foreign internship student
I'm going to the Philippines
Japan is considered as one of the more advanced nations, but there are still many developing countries around the world
These countries are being watched by many advanced nations with interest
I want to be an civil engineer and help the development of these countries. (a possessive on the plural word of \"countries\" seems a little weird to me
So, for the benefit of my future, I think I need to see the real
condition of these countries; the society, food, culture, etc
So I'm looking very forward to going to the Philippines."
They are a Japanese rock band, and are composed of four players
There are many cool songs... (or.. They have many cool songs
For example, \"Fire Cracker\",\"I hate it\",\"Space Sonic
However, they broke up their band in 2008
After that dispersion, the vocal of their band, Takeshi Hosomi started a new band \"the Hiatus
This band is really cool, and the atmosphere of their songs are little different from the ELLEGARDEN's that
ELLEGRDEN is known as a rock(punk) band, and most of their songs are up-tempo
But in the Hiatus, the type of each songs are different
Even though their songs are great, I hope ELLEGARDEN would restarted the activity get back together."
Good opinion or bad opinion any opinion is okay. (or... Any opinion is okay: good or bad
I want to hear many thoughts
I think I need to study (またはlearn more) about the Philippines, so I searched information about the Philippines through the Internet
I found that Makati, the place (where) I'm going to, is known as the biggest business district in the Philippines. (townは間違っていませんが、townはより小さい、あまり発展していない地区に指しています。
I want to look around the traditional view and eat Philippines food
I want to get become friends with them and improve my English through the conversation
Does it mean something “evil”? It is likely one of the biggest challenges of modern human history, one of the toughest problems humankind ever faced since it’s on a global scale, its sheer enormity and complexity. (questions, even rhetorical, should end in a question mark
And That the Earth’s is getting hotter and hotter means that the more and more solar energy is accumulating inside the Earth’s atmosphere
I see, the most difficult is that they’re not concentrated enough, the energy is distributed throughout a certain area so it’s not as easy to as collect as a piece of coal or nuclear material and burn it up
Why do they have to resolve the question about distributed energy by the size of the “power plants\" (e.g. huge wind turbines
g
huge wind turbines… I wonder why it’s so hard to get those such kinds of energy
A typical question answer I often find out there is is that there is no money
Yes, indeed, It seems the only nation with the only guy appear to be enough of money and capability is the US
And more its government can spend hundreds of billions of dollars to wage a war on some unlucky guys in the deserts of the Middle East ( another glorious victory that hardly any other nation thinks they dare to do – overthrow a government with it military power ranks 4th in just a few weeks ), but yet it feels reluctant to spend more money on serious scientific and technical projects that have the possibility to change the world
I had heard about the novel and its author a long long time ago, back when I was a 
Quite frankly, I've been trying tried serveral times to read it but all failed
was that it's a 18th century work, used classical written language, so it was so tough for me to 
Don't know why but now I just could handle it
I still have not read through the whole work yet 
really moving
The young girl, the main character, her name is Lin Da Yu, after being sick 
for a while, is still weak but she tries to stroll out for some fresh air
Now, I'm burying flowers
But do you know who would bury me in someday
Remnants of the glorious spring, all the flowers are gradually falling
I'll will put it all 
behind me, my young adorable appearance, my heart
I love English,English literary and American literary are my favourite coueses in college
English prose, poetry and novel are fubulous things for me 
So I want to know you nomatter whes
o you are,waitting for your messag "
International Friendship Football Game サッカーの国際親善試合（英語でタイトルをCapitalizeするのは普通です）
The Japan versus Korea International Friendship Football game of Japan vs Korea was held at in Seoul yesterday
At During the first half, the Japanese attacked aggressively with short passes, but the Korean players defended themselves with their tough amazing physical ability
In contrast with the first half, the Korean players possessed had the ball most of all time at during the latter half and there were the conclusive situations to goal at times they got close to making goals, but the Japanese defender goalee prevented them from doing so at the end. kept no goal at the end
Though it was a friendship match, both of teams did very excited made it a very suspenseful game
Since the next world cup will held at in Brazil in 2014, I hope both of teams improve their technique and tactics. till then and Hopefully they can get a game make it beyond the final 16, which was result of this year's world cup game
The Typhoon No.14 is coming
Now the typhoon No.14 is coming to Sendai.Sendai's 14th typhoon is coming. (Sounds more natural
Therefore the Chilling rain have been falling following yesterday.The chilling rain has been falling since yesterday. 
Since my room, of which I rent costs is inexpensive, it is cold. Right now, I am now in a warm lab apart about from a 5 minutes walk from my room
I don't like cold rain because I am likely to get a cough easily. (You want to use the word \"cold\" here. When English speakers say cold, usually it means we have a cough and feel sick
Super saiyajin Goku, owned by my neighbor, is looking out at the dark outside. Anxious about coughing
As my for today's challenge, I used a relative pronoun, but it's I'm uncertain how to use it
I was surprised to know that she is it was Momoe Yamaguchi
I know her name but I had thought she was just late 70's old idol and sang popular songs during on that time
Her songs are not even old now, and they sounds are like really rock 'n roll
During a my search about her, the fact that she finished her career when she was only 22 astounded me again
I like her music, as one of the I considered it good rock music
Yesterday, the AFC (Asian Football Confederation) championship semi final match between Japan and South Korea was held in Qatar
But they did this time. \/\/ When changing the time frame from \"the past 6 years\" to \"now\/ this time\", it should be explicitly stated
During the game, Japan ran well and South Korea showed tough physicality and good ability
I didn't know the members of South Korea well, but after kick-off, I was surprised that they are very tall and young
They played very gentle, I want to clap and cheer for them. \/\/ With just 'cheer' you don't need 'for', but since you have 'clap' here too and 'clap' requires 'for', it must be added
However there was only one disappointing thing
I thought referee called fouls more easily than usual
If there were fewer calls, we could watch a more exciting dynamic match
Anyway I'm crossing my fingers that both teams can win their next games."
The day before yesterday, we lab members held an Imoni party
An Imoni party is a kind of the BBQ made by filling a pot with aroid, Chinese cabbage, green onion, carrot, meat, and so on and is mainly made in Tohoku region which is located in northern part of Japan
In autumn, the smoke from Imoni parties can be seen near every river in Tohoku
In my hometown, Sendai, the pot is dressed with miso and pork is used
The taste is like tonjiru which is a type of gorgeous miso soup with full of vegetables
In the neighboring prefecture, Yamagata, they use the soy sauce as the main dressing material and use beef
The sweet and salty taste evokes Sukiyaki
Since next year I am going to go to the Kanto region, this time Imoni party might be the last one for me
It was very enjoyable but that idea made me a little bit concerned
The picture was shot a few years ago
At the beginning of May, I went to the western part of Japan for sightseeing
She's been ill lately, so I went there to cheer her up
I hope she will get well soon
Kurashiki is one of the most favorite places I've ever visited because there is a beautiful place named Bikan area
The scenery made me feel relax and nostalgic
I'm a Japanese and a graduate student with two master's degrees
Now, I want to learn foreign languages, especially English now
Because I want to understand or just know about foreign culture ! It's important to explain why, but since this sentence is good explanation, you don't have to SAY the word \"because\". It's understood
Thinking about foreign cultures is thrilling
Since English is spoken all over the world, if I can use English, I can communicate with billions of people and learn about many countries
I am going to write mainly about Japanese university life mainly."
In Japan, there is tons of news about recent difficulties for university students hunting for jobs. [\"News\" is uncountable, so uses the singular verb, like: \"there is tons of sugar in the cupboard
Unfortunately, the rate of students who could get work till October in this fiscal year went down to 58% from 63% of last year. Unfortunately, the rate of students able to find work up to October went down from 68% last year to only 58% this fiscal year
And there is a lot of controversy about what is the main problem. [The controversy is about the one subject matter. We would tend to use \"controversies\" (plural) if there were many controversies about many different matters
There is a lot of work, especially in middle and small companies. [\"Work\" is uncountable - like \"news\" and \"sugar\" above! :) 
They only apply to big famous companies
If students learned their limitations well, they could get work.\" If students understood their limitations well\/better... [I think if you wanted to use \"learned\", then \"if students had learned...\" would make more sense to me
Others insist, \"There are too many more students than ever before
The number of university students has been increasing, it's double compared to 1990. [Students is a countable noun. \"The number of...\" for countable nouns, \"the amount of...\" for uncountable nouns. E.g. \"the amount of sugar\", \"the amount of news
Now, the undergraduate degree is less special than it used to be
Most of the\/these opinions are hard on students
So, the students who are exhausted or getting angry about job hunting held a demonstration \/ started to demonstrate \/ demonstrated. 
University doesn't provide good\/any preparation facility for job hunting
Japan is in a depression right now
Lately, my eyes have been getting tired because I've spent so\/too much time sitting in front of a\/my computer display
I usually carry out\/do experiments in the lab and analyze the data by computer
When I felt being exhausted, watching the news of the world was my favorite way to rest
It was good for my feeling but not for my eyes(xx) [\"good for my feeling\" sounds a little strange... It was good for my exhaustion, but not for my eyes. ? The problem is \"feeling\" has special meanings
So I bought a Rubik's cube
At first, I couldn't do well, though I read\/looked at the operating manual
But after doing it more than 5 times making, I learned how to do the Rubik's cube correctly
My next target is to do the cube fast like below
Distance between me and him seems to be long."
Sendai is getting a little cold a little and autumn is coming there
I like autumn because I like the color of brown and the fallen leaves
Fallen leaves make me feel the fragility of life
I like the sound of the leaves when I step on it the leaves
Anyway, I've been belonging on the track and field club for 11 years from the since junior high school
Since I'm a relatively thin, high jump is my event ever
Today, Sendai has a clear autumn sky, and a temperature which that is not too hot or cold. Just right make for me to relax
It is very comfortable to lie  lay on the mat of for the high jump and stare absently into the sky in the on days where the weather is fair like today fair weather like today
In fact maybe over in 5 or 6 hours the meeting will start soon(xx)"
Science cafe (Cafes) [note: Capitalize the first letter of each important word in a title
I am going to start the work (working) from next year
But, [comma] I'm already a little bit scared even though I haven't started working and don't known (very well) about work well
So, [comma] I frequently imagine the past retirement (post-retirement) years
And, [comma] I like cafe, too (cafes as well
So I want to integrate science and (into a) cafe atmosphere [no comma] and will name it science cafe (\"Science Cafe
I hope there are (imagine) a lot of scientific stuffs, (stuff like) astrometric telescope (telescopes), test tube (tubes) with flowers, gas burner (burners) on the table, flask (flasks) as a drink shaker, and vacuum tube amplifier (amplifiers) for good music
In holiday seasons (On holidays), children could come to play and study 
After the every imagination for a while (being lost in imagination), I disappoint (disappointedly) remembering (remember) the debt (I incurred) for scholarship I've ever lent
If there were good application (applications) of the scientific devices for (in) the cafe, I (would) want to know."
It's been has past several weeks since that I had posted my last diary entry
During the recent last few weeks, I had been practicing for the Ekiden, a meeting organized by electrical faculty of the graduate university
First, I will try to explain about Ekiden simply
But the big difference between full marathon and Ekiden is that you can running alone or not
In Ekiden, a runner is equiped a Tasuki which is like a towel bonding its edges as a baton
To express(describe) the appearance of the Tasuki is very difficult :p
Each runner runs their own course and gives the Tasuki to the next runner
So we had the Ekiden meet at last Saturday
2 years ago, we could got 5th place (prize) and last year we got 4th place (prize
Since we had good freshman and practice, we could got 3th place (prize
So, we could had the most enjoyable time in the Oden party after the Ekiden for recent since the past 3 years
I hope junior colleagues would get a better the more good result in next year
I'm now watching an Egyptian demonstration on Web TV
They seems to have stopped to connect the internet. (This is hard to understand. Did you mean they they stopped connecting or can't connect to the internet? Or do you mean that they stopped in the park so that they could connect to the internet
I have a plan to visit America in August
I applied for a passport last Monday, and I can pick it up today
So, I was going to go for passport this morning
but I made a mistake. (上の文章と一緒に）
I forget the paper which I need for the passport at university
I have to go to the pick-up window after going to the university
As I have 4 class between 10:30 and 18:00
and the pick-up window is closed at 18:00
I will go to the pick-up window during my lunch break.... (上の二つの文章と一緒に）"
Today I was decided to attempt to write something
I usually find it easy to read technical documents and watch films in English but absolutely can't write in English."
I wanted to help somebody, but there are not many people who study the russian language
I love my language, foreigners tell say that it is weird and that it is difficult to study, they are just affraid of difficulties
I am proud to be Russian and to speak Russian, but it has another side a downside: I can't get rid of my accent, because we have a strong and tough pronounciation
1st of September is the worst day, (that day) my studies will begin
Hi, dormitory, hi, my crazy roommates, I really didn't miss you all
Ok, I think that's enough of complainings
I hope the new semester will bring me new friends and new boyfriends  and a new job.))"
Hi, itsThis is my first entry!I am glad i found this site, its it's a really cool idea to make for native-speakers to help
At firstFirstly i I should tell you about myself
I was studied in China for 2 years,was studing chinese...Where I studied Chinese
There were so many people; like polite and nice Japanese, Korean, who laugh the all time, crazy smoked african fulled of energy,horney pakistani and turkish guys,always drunk german,french,english,american,canadian,new zealand people... This sentence is a grammatical nightmare, there are just to many commas. English speakers wouldn't speak like this. You'd be better off to break it into separate sentences.  
I even cant can't even remember them all
I am waiting for your comments, it would be so nice of u you to correct me
Writing \"u\" instead of \"you\" ,   \"cuz\" instead of \"because\" and \"yr\" instead of \"your\" is a bad habit catched from american people which I caught from the Americans. I can't help it."
I have  watched this movie today
I was searching for this movie for quite some time now
I don't know why it  was removed from Russian DVD shops for being \"too christian
Probably only 5 % of it's plot is christianity and the rest of it is a love story
There is fairy tale about love or a tale about fairy love
And I couldn't help stop crying
I have never cried over films, that is this was the first film which touched me so deeply
I can also tell about would also like to talk about the amazing actor's amazing performance and its great soundtracks
I got used to traditional American happy endings  and I hoped that everything will would be  all right  until the last moment
The name of the film  is translated into Russian like is called \"Hurry to love,\" I think it is a good name..."
null
The first part of the day won't be very interesting
I have got 6 lessons......",null
Russian, Literature, Physics, Chemistry, Chemistry extra and History
null
null
at 16.00 i would go to buy tickets to animefest)))))))))))))) It is awesome)))))))))))))))I am very happy
Today's events
Tomorrow my friend and I would (will) go to the mall
And I have a new haircut
I am really fond of this site
I even forgot about our russian VKONTAKTE!!!!!"
Today I went to the post office to send some mail to my grandmother and aunt
I hope these will please them. or I hope these will make them happy
Tomorrow, I have a German grammar test
I haven't memorized all the nouns with their gender yet
I have to study it all tonight. or maybe you meant I have to study all night long
It is very popular in Japan
The 4 main male cast members are all handsome.(handsome boys are called \"IKEMEN\" in Japanese
This movie concludes contemporary IKEMEN cultures and the problem of social hierarchy and gender
Anyway, I'm looking forward to watching it
Now, I'll start studying!!"
I swam very hard today
I have been part of belonged to a swimming club from since April. And today I tried to swim with the seniors, not my peers
They are very fast swimmers
I used up all my energy, and now I am close to falling asleep
By the way, I'm going to enter a tournament in the middle of June
I have to get better, especially at long-distance Free style
My next practice is in two days
I'm will do my best."
I want to work after school
I'm looking for a teaching job
It gives very good income
And 5 days ago I sent an E-mail to an office to get an appointment for an interview 5days ago
But I have had no response yet
My purse is getting slimmer day by day."
Have you had the flu
Nowadays Japan is in a panic because of the flu
Before yesterday all the Japanese patients were in Western Japan, but today, at last, two patients were found in Tokyo, East Japan
The government and media cry that \"Attention please!\" But I know almost all students are happy with the clothing of their school. [I'm confused why you're suddenly writing about clothing and school here... It's grammatically correct, but I don't understand
And maybe they'll go out to shopping or something
I think there are no means to prevent the expansion
I have a question about how this flu affair is being treated in other countries. or How is this flu affair being treated in other countries
Friends' Talking with friends makes me fun happy
University students don't have time to do something spend with their friends if they don't plan ahead
Second, I can eat Obentous (handmade lunch) which is made by my mother
When I eat it them, I can feel her love
Sometimes I can't eat with friends because of lots of too much homework.s, I enjoy eating lunch on weekdays
School life is entertaining becoming fun for me these days. (This sentence sounds more natural
It takes two hours to go to the school, so I have to get up before on 5:30
Some friends say it is tough, but I like an air in the early morning air
Please help me when you find that I have made a my mistake（*^_^*）"
A friend said that they are history, and that AKB is the most successful idol group in Japan, but I think Morning Musume still has boundless possibilities
Each member has her own personality, and their dancing and singing skills, like those of a professional, are beyond description
Their videos are available on youtube, so please watch them
Tachi-agaru
I found a good song called \"タチアガール(Tachia-girl)\" on YouTube
It is a play on the words \"立ち上がる\" (tachi-agaru, to stand up), and \"ガール\" (garu, girl
This idol group is Smileage, and its members changed recently
I'll stand up right now, I won't admit a defeat here.\" How amazing
I'd like to translate it into English and write it on lang-8 as soon as possible
All of my family members, except for me, were born in either September or October
Every September, I ask my mother
Thanks to an injection,the fever went down
I thought that I should stay healthy for my mother!"
Yours is OK, but this sounds better: Have you heard of the Japanese band called ZARD
They started their music career 20 years ago, and their vocalist was Izumi Sakai 'Was' is used because she's gone
Today I went to ZARD's 20th exhibition
Among many popular songs, the most famous one is called \"Makenaide
We often sing this song in charity TV shows and when cheering up(?) friends
A hair band
Have you heard about the hair bands called Katyusha in Japanese
Katyusha is a nickname for Ekaterina (a Russian woman's name
I like this hair accessory, because it is easy to wear and I can make it myself
Sehuri clean up climbing. Whats 'clean up' refering to
Sehuri with my clubmates. It is located near my school
The reason for climbing is because my club held the Sehuri climbing event
It started in 2010, and the one today is the 4th one
As a staff, I climbed with the participants
They seemed to have enjoyed the events, but there are room for improvement
Today, I received some printed photographs from an old man who I met last Sunday
As I wrote before, I went to a climbing event last Sunday
On the top of the mountain, he took our pictures and said he would send them to my house. 
Today, I felt guilty of my thoughts. ← \"sorry for him\" means that something bad happened to him, and you feel sympathy
I am happy to have received the photos
In his photos, I look prettier than usual
If I can get his address, I would write to him soon!"
Listening to my parents talking after dinner, I often dream about my future husband
I don’t know if I will be able to get married, but I like to do it
Though they sometimes argue have quarrel, they like each other. That is what I believe. (Quarrel means to use fists to fight. I assume they only used words. So you should use the word argue instead
At night, my mother waits for her husband similar to as if a baby waiting for its mother
As every girl, I want to become a very happy girl\/person
To become the happiest girl in the world, I promised 10 things to myself
Study as hard as possible to know a lot about the world
Make whatever I think I can (food, accessories, clothes
Express my love feelings without hesitating. 
Read a variety of books
But your cell phone is still power off
Call me back as soon as possible!"
VS Memphis, Iverson is a player of team Memphis now, he is one of the top players in NBA, he is a warrior
But, what's sad, he is over thirty years old, he is not young, he had been playing in 4 different teams during the past 4 years
There was notiong nothing special about today, it was just a normal day
but actully actually, life just means ordinary things in that are happening everyday daily
Northeastern Asia consists of China, Japan, and Korea (including Norht North Korea and South Korea
There They are all three (four?) of the most import important countries in the world, not only on the politics but also on the economy both politically and economically
I think the four countries shuold should work together and make a good relationship with each other, remove prejudice and misunderstanding
Thank you guys very much for your often correctionsing in my diaryies, nearly everyday
Today I went to a glasses shop for my glasses repair. to get my glasses repaired
My glasses noseclip has been bent bends by a traffic accident
The repair e's bill is free
Then I went to a clothes shop called GU
I looked for sports wear in there
There were about 12,000 people in the audience gathered in Taipei Arena that night
The concert was meant to start at 19:30 but was delayed for about 20 minutes
Now for the part I want to talk about
I couldn't take off my eyes off the stage
This concert brought lots of surprise and marvel.This concert was surprising and marvelous
It provide a visual and hearing feast to everyone who came to the concert. It was a feast for the eyes and ears of everyone who came to the concert
During the vacation, I went to Kyoto with my family, saw a fireworks display and worked a part time job like 6 days a week
Kyoto is Japan's former capital city, so there are many World Heritage sites there
So there are many World Heritage
Firstly, we went to Kiyomizu-dera Temple
It was powerful in the big temple
Secondly, we went to the Ryoan-ji temple which is famous for its Zen garden
Thirdly, we went to the Kinkaku-ji Temple which is the most popular tourist attraction in Kyoto, even more so than the Golden Pavilion. || I'm assuming that you meant to say Kinkaku-ji is more popular than the Golden Pavilion
It was very impressive and the beauty was like nothing of this world
I look forward to that the next summer vacation comes."
We have been living here for seven years. [With 'have lived' it gets a feeling that it has ended
The station which is near from my house is Musashikosugi Station
I go to Meiji University by using the Toyoko Line and the Inokashira Line
My house is a single house which has five rooms and a small garden
Because both my parents drive a car. [Can be omitted
His blood type is type AB. [or His blood type is type AB
French is spoken there, so he learns it
He works for a car company
Since he lives there he likes watching soccer
I meet him once every three months
Her blood type is type B. [or Her blood type is type B
She is not a full-time homemaker. [Homemaker? As in housewife
She works for a construction company
She gets up every day at 5:00 am. [Rather clear in this context but just as a reminder for future texts
I heard about lang-8 from my friend
When I chatted on my mobile mail,my friend told me about lang-8
That's the reason I registered it today
it'll be great if someone correct my post."
How to have a happy life \/ How to live happily
I have been in San Diego for one week
Have I changed at all
So I got the new idea in here that we living is difficult in only if we believe it is
but we can be happy , 
If we can realize how we want to overcome a such difficulties."
I was on holidays and occasionally cook.(私は、休みの日に、たまに料理を作ります。）- I sometimes like to cook in my free time. (free time =余裕がある時。Holidays = 休みの日なんですけれども、休日か学校の夏休みなどの感じがします。休みの日は週末が含めるものだったら on my days off (from work) などがいいと思います。
I like to make a quick, and cheap and delicious food.(私は、安くできて早くできて、しかも美味しい料理を作ることが好きです。）OR I like to make delicious food that's quick and easy to make. 
My favorite dish is the spicy curry special.(私の得意な料理は、スパイスの効いた特製のカレーライスです。) \"My best recipe is my special spicy curry.\"  SPICY CURRY SPECIALにしてしまうとお店のお得（？）の料理みたい。
But make too many, while It will continue to just eat curry.(でも沢山作りすぎて、しばらくはカレーばかり食べる日が続いてしまいます。) But I always make too much and end up eating curry many days in a row. -> end up = 最終的な状態。結果。 "
I'm in I have been SHIMANE on business since yesterday. since yesterdayを使ったからI'm inはもう使えません。You can say \"I am in Shimane on business.\" That is a current status
I'm staying in Masuda-city
I always take in the view of the sea and the greenery
It's also very beautiful today,too! これの方は海について話していることが分かりやすいと思います。でも、両方は文法的に正しい。"
I'll keep on writing(my or this) diary in English
Because I want to be able to speak English and make many friends
I want to play jazz with foreign friends and speaks a lot
I want to understand what professional jazz musicians speak say at jazz live
I first tried Bouldering for the first time with my friends
Bouldering is climbing a wall that is embedded with small stone indoors
My friends tried it for the second times today
I was invited by them
I'm tired and in pain all over. my body
One of the keys to Bouldering is the importance of balance and using legs not arms
It's difficult for to move up using my legs
I succeeded at long last in the beginners course
I will play the jazz tonight
This is fine, but if I wrote this I would have just written one sentence so it flows better \"I will play jazz tonight and I will work tomorrow\". I would probably also put \"I will be working tomorrow\" instead
I am not used to it yet, but it's fun
I want to leave everyday things and photograph.Hmm, not very wrong, but I guess I would write \"I want to post comments and photographs about everyday things
I played the a jazz session yesterday last night at in Ikebukuro
I played Cherokee, what which is a jazz standard
Cherokee's chord changes are very difficult to for me
I'm studying about the chords, but I can't play the jazz without understanding them
I will write about food in JOZENJI STREETJAZZ FESTIVAL
They were very delicious and juicy! 
I bought it for a souvenir, too
The raw oysters were very fresh
The grilled oysters were tender and juicy
I drank rice wine too much... 
I think they the palatability was improved palatability because I ate and drink with my favorite friends! "
I feel they look forward to this festival. 
I'll write about this festival in several entries."
My Last day of in Shimane
I visited first to first visited Shimane in December of last year
I was afraid because I know little about Shimane and I did'n didn't have friends in Shimane
But there are many person people who love jazz music in Shimane
I have many friends through our jazz sessions
Now, I'll have a good time in Shimane 
I'm looking forward to go to Shimane next time!"
I'm going to perform \/ put on a live show today
We are going to perform the jazz standards and our original music
I have practiced many times for today
wonder drugs
Many people live there. 
Second, I want to look for important things. which are very important
Because I'm worried about my future, so I must look for important things
Because I will want to go around the world
Therefore, it would be very good experience for me to go to Southeast Asia. "
I was a road runner today. (marathon
Place of destination was Ishibutai tumulus in Nara
From my house, it takes three hours
Today it was rainy weather, so I became soaked
I think doing sports is very good for my health
So, everyone, let's play sports!!"
I'm drunk now...OK
Because I had been to the  was at a party until just a minute ago
The name of the party is was \"Brevoort party
Brevoort are in season now, so and we have a party every October octorber every year
An unusual event like this party amuses me
And, it relaxes me for a change."
So, I have keep with had it for 8 years
But, the stiff back have a owe that I feel seriously myself. I think you are trying to say it hurts
The pain is in my chest that is in the opposite of affected sholder today. What are you trying to say here? 
Does anyone know the way of to cure it
I have become 24 years old  the day before yesterday
 I have walked what a grown man has walked in one step. -I think this is a little clearer
I am getting older, but I have gained little wisdom. I think that may be what you mean
Live and learn
I should learn more and more things
Sure, One of them is English
By the way, I had a great time thanks to \" My Honey
She cookedbaked me a cake and cooked me delicious food like a restaurant
I alsocaughtreceived some birthday messages from my friends and family
At times like this, I realize that it is my birthday
I usually don't say that thanks to my father and mother
Daddy and mom, created made me
That is why I'm here
Thanks! ok"
There is all-too-common topic, the work place of brain is different when human understand each language
And, bilinguals usually say, you should reject Japanese when you study English
So, if you meet incomprehensible word, you should search in  English-English dictionaries
But, I can't write and speak English without Japanese-English dictionaries
In addition, that translated English is not often general for \"native\" speakers
To study foreign language is hard
Japan has four seasons
These are spring, summer, autumn, and winter
Generally autumn means(covers) three months of the year, from September to November
So, It is autumn at the moment
In autumn, there are many seasonal delicacies
And people will be quiet down because the hottest summer had passed
People enjoy eating many somethings, and appreciating art
Therefore, many Japanese people often call it the \"appetite of autumn,\" or \"art of autumn
I might be biggum a little.... (What
Today, I have gone went to a cafe to talk in English in for my the first time
There The cafe is similar to an English conversation school
But, that cafe  you don't need us the an appointment to enter there
So, we you can go there every anytime when we you want to talk in English
I talked with an teacher who came from Australia
The main bodies topics of conversation are were all around me, like seasons, alcohole, hobbies, gambling, and etc
Because, I couldn't follow his speaking speed, although he had spoken very slowly
And, I couldn't speak sentences without first translating them from Japanese
Sometimes I got hosed perfectly froze up
However, this experiment has encouraged me to learn English."
First Diary
My roommate introduced this website for me
I seldom write diary,let alone write it using english
as a graduate student,not passing this exam is shameful,so i put great effort to prepare it
This weather is called plum rains season
I hope it would clear up as soon as possible, don't interrupt my trip."
三角形、圆形、椭圆形、六边形、菱形、星形、心形 -> triangle, circle, oval, hexagon, rhombus, star-shaped(?), heart-shaped
围嘴、奶瓶、爬行服 -> covering the mouth(?), milk bottle, climbing attire
by school bus\" and \"by the school bus\"    Which phrase is correct? It depends on what you're talking about. You can say \"The car parked by the school bus.\" Or you can say \"We went by school bus.\" But no one really talks like that. It's better to say \"We rode the school bus
Few days ago I luckily met Andy on the Internet , he is also involved in the mentoring program, as a mentor
As I am going to arrive in Heathrow on Sep.22 and the dormitory will not open until Sep.24, Andy said he can host me for two nights, although he himself is going to have arrived on 21 Sep
Can I have him be my mentor, if it is convenient
He is studying Spanish & Politics (with French) and is also in charge of publicity and communications for the Bath Exchange and Erasmus Network
In Japan we have a bargain sales in January
I went and tried on a skirt whose design I liked
But the skirt was tight although even though I often buy the same that size
We eat special meals at new year week during the holidays in Japan
I got gained weight then
I decided to be go on a diet
But It doesn't occur to me how I should do I don't know what i should do for my diet. 
My New my school
I switched from a university into a medical college in April
I have never felt happier than I'm now
I have wanted to be a doctor since I was a child
I made many new friends so far at my new school
Blue
I feel uneasy about my future, because an important exam is coming comes near
How should I try to work hard
Can you tell me the way to relax
But I don't want to gain weight
I wannna to dress fashionably
In Japan women give men chocolates on St
Valentain Valentine's day
This semester will finish tomorrow and we have a final exam and a thank-you party
I'll give it for to my classmates, including a man who I like a bit
I wonder they especially if he feels it is delicious
In Japan we eat a lot of specially made traditional food and we stay home and relax
The first writing in a quite while
I entered my new University this spring
Now I enjoy being with my new friends and old friends of ex-university
It gets cold, so it's hard to get up and go out in the morning
But I'm looking forward to going skiing and snowboarding
I also enjoy \"nabe
Nabe is traditional Japanese food and there are many kinds of nabe
We eat from a pot dilectly. (We cook it at the table and pick the ingredients from the pot.) 
We cook many kinds of ingredients like seafood, meat and vegetables
Please take care because the winter comes closer
Unlucky day:( Could be called \"An unlucky day\", it just sounds more correct to me, but I can't exactly pin it down, so I haven't changed it
Yesterday I was unlucky. Your point would get across clearer if you said you were veryunlucky. But that's just my opinion
I was_found to have written wrong years on very important documents.The sentence could also be \"I found that I had written the wrong years on very important documents.\" but for now I'll make the least amount of changes. '_' mean spaces, the site has trouble putting spaces between corrections and words
I have never noticed how old I am.I would suggest putting this before or after you talk about the mistake. It breaks the flow of thought. Try putting it either after \"Yesterday I was unlucky.\", before \"Second, I lost my cellphone\", or maybe after \"I am very regretful
I have to go to correct the documents
The documents will relate my future's job. It depends, do the documents relate to your future job now? Or do they not relate to it now, but will in thefuture
SecoundSecond, I lost my cellphone. Probably just a typing mistake
I found my backpack was opened, but_and_I_went back_to_my home with it opened. I don't really know what you mean to say, but I tried. Once more, the '_' are spaces
I'm very_regretful
I hope to find my cellphone, and I manage to improve my carelessness."
My classmates will go to on a skiing trip next week. [\"will go\" is correct, but more common is \"are going\" or \"are going to go
I wannna want to go, but I don't have time because I have an important exam on the next day when they'll come back. [\"they'll come back\"\/\"they are coming back
I watched the Olynpic Olympic games on TV, and I want to enjoy skiing with my friends
If the trip were on another day, I could go."
We have snow every year,but this year we don't have any snow yet
I wannna to enjoy dressing of in winter style and seeing the view of snowing."
So I will bring my cake to school
I wonder what kind of cakes I should make
Do you have any ideas or do you have any suggestions of good recipe?"
I wanted to bake a cake on Christmas, but I didn't have time to do it
But I didn't have a time to do it. (It sounds better if you combine this sentence with the one above
I went to school, and my teachers gave me alot of homework as X'mas presents
In my school, there are four groups in the swimming club and I belong in the Hayama group
The Hayama group is different from normal swimming clubs
In the summer,_there is a big event where we swim a very long distance (30km-40km for example) in the sea
Because it is very physically demanding, we usually practice hard
I swam about 7000m yesterday, and I have serious muscle pain. OR my muscles are very sore
I went to karaoke the day before yesterday
I hear that karaoke does not have a very good image in other countries
But in Japan, karaoke is a popular form of entertainment
There is a cold going around in my class
I also have a cold,_and I got a fever the day before yesterday
Kakkonto worked on me very well
But I still have a little cough
I went shopping in Shibuya to buy a wet suit on Saturday.Or: [ \"On Saturday I went shopping in Shibuya to buy a wet suit.\" 
In spring camp,we must wear it always because it is very cold in the sea
I'll take a good care of it
I'd like to share a story about a man who is my friend and a woman who is his girlfriend
One day, She served him a meal
He ate it and said “Oh,this bread is nice and tastes good.”
Suddenly, she got angry and said \"Are you trying to say that only the bread is good and that my cooking is not
He was surprised that she said this
Of course he didn’t mean to offend her
On another day, after a meal, he said to her “I had your meal deliciously.”
She was angered and said \"You're saying that you my cooking was bad and that you were able to successfully eat it all.\" This quote is rather confusing, sorry if my editing changes the meaning, I'm just not sure what you are intending the man's wife to be saying
The following day, he told me about it and  he told me that he doesn’t know what he should say to her
to her
Are these examples just differences in the thinking of men and women
or should he choose what he says more carefully
Happy New year
I am hiddy at ABC Corporation .  なんで？意味が分かりません。「hiddy」は名前んですか？
We are very sorry for our late reply. 正しくないけど。。。
We appreciate for your recalibration on your permit, contacting about your research result of backbone about which have occurred and of technical prospects of the (be specific) equipment
Thank you for your cooperation this year too
I feel bad, what should I do
I caught a cold
It was no good having a sore throat and a bad headache last Saturday
On Sunday I had laryngitis
I think I caught a cold
Right now I have no voice
The weather hasn't been good recently
Please take care of yourself!"
In a few minutes, it will be New Year's in Korea is new year
what am I doing on new year's...) (王：you're writing, a fine use for a holiday
suggest: But it feels unhappy
Everything was ok until high school, then I was under a lot of pressure that I have to pass the 수능 test (kind of like the SAT). Though I didn't get great marks
But after entering the university, I'm very nervous
After a few years later I have to get a job. Although I'm still young, yet but it's stressful
And This year (2009), I'm planning to go to Australia on a working holiday
For about during a month, I lived without any idea (plans?) cause I wanted to separate from reality
But in the new year, I have to move
That's why it isn't just delightful
Do you have any plans for the new year
Anyhow, Happy new year! (\"Anyway\" is more natural
Speaking English 
Today, the school language center winter semester is started
I planned to join the English speaking class intermadiate1
I have joined pre-intermadiate2 this summer
Intermadiate class, it may be a little hard for me
But as from for intermediate class study free-talking so even if it will be beyond me, I want to try it
But I didn't go today
Why english is felt like loads for me? Why does learning English feel like a burden to me? (Is that what you're trying to say
I want to talk English with native speakers directly  every day
Cause I don't want to study at a desk
But It isnt easy
because my town isn't big so there aren't many foreigners
And I want to learn variety of expressions
If I read books every day? Practice speaking continually
I like to learning many languages but about i'm not sure about english, I dont want to study it
Sorry for my poor English. I dont have any volition
And ask for your corrections. 
When I was elementary school student, rollerskating was very popular
So I used to play with my friends everyday
One day, I rollerskated with 2 friends 
Suddenly, I slipped and fell. My left ankle was sprained
It was really, really painful
My two friends approached me and said \"Are you ok
Actually, I wasn't ok because I felt like I almost died but I replied, \"I'm ok
Since it was so painful, I couldn't dare to go home alone by walking
However, my character is a little shy
So I couldn't ask anyone to help me
One friend said to me, \"Shall I take you home
I said politely, \"No, I can go home alone.\" (OK
At that time, the other friend said to one friend, 
I don't care. She said she can go home alone
I was in pain so I couldn't think anything
but then I could think of this
Damn it' :-(  I could have kept our friendship
Anyway, finally I said I will go home alone and so I went home alone while nearly creeping. [creeping.. maybe use another word.. ah, but I can't figure a replacement for it now  @_@; 
I arrived at home and I stayed in bed
The next day, I wore a cast
Although I went through that time, I got along with the other friend well, but I still disliked her and thank the helpful friend. [It's very confusing which two friends are you talking about. Please be more specific - I'm not sure if I understood correctly
At first, in my mind, I blamed myself after I parted from her
However, I can't remember her name, but I remember she was a kind friend."
I watched one movie to familiarize myself (or familiarise if you're learning European English) with  the British English accent
It's a teen movie
Though its story is obvious, the handsome lead man made me happy:D
As I watched that movie about 4-5 times, the OST is quite accustomed to hear. (? I don't understand
The band The Stiff Dylans! (You don't need aposrophes for bands =) 
The man is a part of the band in movie, then they sang two songs. (Write out your numbers
One is \"Ever Fallen in Love\", the other is \"Ultraviolet.\" (Captialize titles and put the quotation maks after periods
A good looking TV star is better, but for singers, having an attractive voice is most important thing to me
After watched that movie, I visited (or went on) the England site, because I couldn't find, downloaded the band's songs
I found more of their songs and one site where I can download a variety songs
Oops, actually, 'Ever fallen in love'isn't their song and there's many versions sung by many singers. (We call that a cover song when someone plays a song from another band
I love The Stiff Dylans' version
Before this movie, my favorite was  the\"Mamma Mia\" OST
Already as you know, all these things are famous ABBA songs
Of course I had known their a few of their songs, but hadn't liked them very much
My heroes are the patriots
It was about second grade in elementary school when I first thought about my hero
One day, the teacher gave me a paper which asked a few questions about me
One of the questions asked 'who do you respect
but I haven't my hero
I started to think of someone who is a worthy answer to that question
Eventually, I thought of someone
His name is King Seo-Jong
He created Han-gul with the help of scholars to improve his nation
At the time, we were using Chinese character
 not quite sure what you mean by this one. Maybe \"We borrowed these characters for writing
There characters weren't really ours and many people were illiterate. 
What do you mean unreal hero? Like he wasn't a realistic hero
Later on during high school I enjoyed the subject 'Korean modern history' from the Joseon era to present time
Even though I'm not good at Korean history, I used to get good grades in Korean modern history
I don't know if you already knew, but at one point Korea was a colony of Japan
Not quite 100% sure what you mean in this one
There were many patriots who resisted
They resisted not only by force, but also by writing poems, novels, etc. (I especially like the ?resistive? poem
They were not afraid of death and some patriots sacrificed themselves for their country
Could I do that if it happen again
I am really thankful to them and every ancestors who made an effort to protect our culture
One thing more, It's unfortunate that descendants of the traitors are very wealthy because they inherited many things by flattering the Japanese
Patriots' descendants, on the other hand, are really poor since their father or grandfather gave-up their family to devote himself(Usually men
Their families couldn't afford education
I wish that they got more respect."
I, however,grew up at Tokyo
Everytime I go back to Tokyo and see the Tokyo Tower, I feel relaxed
I work for a trading company which gets fossil fuel from Asian countries such as China and Indonesia, and sells them to iron manufacturers, power plants, papermaking companys, and so on
I have studied English since April, 2009
But I'm not good at English
I wanna speak English fluently
And I wish to meet a lot of foreigners on this site
I certainly want to study or live abroad on day
That's why I'm learning English."
I write a diary entry for the first time lol
English is difficult to learn lol
lol
I am only learning English for my job
Today's diary is short and ends here
Hahahahahahahahahahhaha!"
I cooked some food this morning for lunch. 
After a long time, I finally finished cooking
Luckily it turned out to be delicious
I am tired
I cooked a lunch\/bento  even though I didn't even eat breakfast
Therefore, when lunch came the meal was very delicious
Please correct my grammar
After he was is born, I will take care of him
because it runs well
Because I like my class, I arrive early."
People need to cuddle together for warmth and comfort in this destructive world
Pray for the victims of Japan
Hello
Hello everyone here
Can you answer some questions for me
Sorry for taking up your time
1, Until now, whether to have did any genetically modified food to enter your country from USA, Brazil etc. such as soybean, corn etc. -- (We usually call them genetically modified food or GM food instead of transgenic food
2, How does your government and the populace see GM food
3, Do you think that GM food will finally reach your dinner table 
Why
4, Whether you wWould you choose GM food at the supermarket in life
I'd like to briefly describe the Chinese Spring Festival
I had prepared a lot of food, such as dumplings, meat balls, fish, etc in the new year's eve like the previous spring festival, so that I didn't need to buy anything during the vacation
I stuck couplets on two sides of the door of my parents house, after that I worked some firecrackers, eating dumplings, watching the Spring Festival gala play on TV while my family spent the whole day with my parents at their house
And my family spent the whole day with my parents on the first day of Chinese New year
My family also spent the whole day with my parents-in-law on the second day of the Lunar New Year
I had had dinner with close friends, relations and colleagues for drinking wine on the third day, the fourth day and sixth day
I went to the Catacombs to worship the ancestor on the fifth day as tradition
I went to work and started working on the seventh day."
The mandarin is the language that many kinds of north nomads or minority nationality enter or invaded the Central Plains had been belonging to Han nationally in ancient Chinese, then imitate and try to speak to the ancient han nationality, then learning not too good, so became the so called mandarin. (我不明白。原句子是什么？）
So I think that those place with dialect of south of the Yangtze River is more like or close the sound of ancient Han nationality especially cantonese and inland Min dialects almost as the ancient han nationality. (我不明白。原句子是什么？）
This explains why Cantonese literature is so rich and diverse compared to Mandarin literature in China(, which is rather poor and shallow)."
Do you want to know which animal year you belong to or by the Chinese zodiac signs
The Chinese zodiac is similar to the western astrological signs
The chinese people like to own the animal's character in their name characters
The Chinese today tend to contrast animal characters with animal year that they belong to themselves."
In recent days, I have been saving a certain amount of money working part-time, because I wanna participate the \"Contiki\" tour
Have any of you ever heard of it
It is a type of tour where everyone travels on one bus, with a companion from each country visited. The tour goes around the world
I'm very interested in taking this tour 
I wanna go to Paris, Las Vegas, New York City and so on
I wanna visit \"The Works of Antoni Gaudí\", \"Mont Saint-Michel
Today, my brothers and I helped my father
We went to feed the cows
Because cattle food is very heavy,so it is hard for me to distribute (?) it
So, I was more tired today than usual
after that, my brothers and I had dinner at a Chinese noodle shop near my house
We ate noodles and Gyoza
They were very delicious
Tomorrow, I will help my mother in make orange juice
It tires me too much \/ It it exhausting
But I will work hard to help my mother
Good night!"
Last Saturday, I quarrelled had a fight with my parents. \/comment:\/ more natural to use \"had a fight
Because they didn't allow me to work part-time near my house
The volunteer work is planned by my university
Because I like to talk to other people. \/alternatively:\/ \"Because I like talking with people
For example, I had to go home  before sunset when I was a high school student
I have to go home before 10 p.m. now. \/Alternatively:\/ If you wish to use \"until\", you can use it like this: \"I can stay out until 10 PM now
And they don't like me working part-time. \/Alternatively:\/ \"And they don't like it when I work part-time
I quarrelled (\/argued) with them for about an hour
I cried a little, then because they wouldn't (\/didn't) understand me
I wanted them to understand me
Then ,my young brother helped me. \/comment:\/ Remember that this happened in the past, so you have to use \"Helped
Finally,they understood me and allowed me to work part-time. \/comment:\/ Same as above. Past --> allowed
I want to work part-time on Wednesdays,Saturdays and Sundays. \/comment:\/ You want to work part-time several Wednesdays (and Saturdays and Sundays) so you have to use plural form
But they didn't allow me to work on Sundays
But, my elder brother called them today
He is living in Nagoya to attend his (unnecessary) university
He is a 3rd grade student (at a university.) \/comment:\/ You have already said that he attends a university, so \"at a university\" becomes redundant and unnatural
He told them that he would work part-time near his house
they told him \"it was good!\" (or perhaps \"that is good\" ?) \/alternatively:\/ If you want to use \"said\", you can use: \"They said to him\" instead of \"they told him
I was angry in my heart! \/comment:\/ Not really a much used expression. Perhaps \"I was furious\" works better
Today, my brother and I helped my mother make mandarin juice
But, we had to use many mandarins to make it
So we had to carry them from field to our house
But, they were very heavy,so we were tired to from carrying them and make making juice
After that, my brother and I had lunch
After that, my brother and I helped my father feed cows
Cows are very cute
After that, I took a walk with my dog. -- or After that I took my dog for a walk. if the actual intention is to walk the dog\/make the dog exercise
My dog's name is \"Ron\". He is 1 years old
My dog isn't very loyal very well
But he is cute. I think it should be combined with the previous sentence ==> My dog isn't very loyal, but he is cute
In the evening, I went to cram school English. Did you mean this? ==> In the evening I went to English cram school
But, I tried it. Maybe it's better to say \"But I'm trying my best.\" ですが私はがんばっています 
Good night
Kitashima who was an important person of to us
The concert was held at the musical instrument musiumium and it was great
Three friends of mine in Hamamatsu were going to travel by a camping car the that evening
They didn't plan where to stay, as usual
It was extraordinalily r warm and comfortable that I hadn't known at all
Next morning when the car passed over Kobe, I made my mind up, not to get off the car, but to go to Hiroshima together with them
The water was low when we visited(I forgot how to describe this), so we were able to walk to the gate. (\/ The tide was receding and the sea floor was exposed when we arrived so we were able to walk to the gate on foot
There is a mountain called Misen where a famous Buddhism monk, Kuukai, opened a saint place
It is only 500 meters something high(I don't know how to say 500何メートル
Our stomachs were not big enough to taste all of them
They were going to find a good onsen or hot spring for the night
I remembered that an old friend boutht g a condo opposite Miyajima recently
She recommended a good onsen nearby that she just went to the previous day
She never told me what to do but she was helpinged me make the goals clear andon how to accomplish them myself
We decided which day of the week and what time we will talk over the phone onabout what's would be going regularlyon.There might be a better way on this to fix it but I just can't think of it at the current time
The next day, my Hamamatsu friends went to another island named Shodo-shima, and I took a local train back to Kobe
It cost was about 4,000 yen cheaper than shinkansen, but it took over 5 hours
I couldn't buy any food or drink till the second station because of there was no time.alt: because I had no time
5 piesces of gum eased me
I enjoyed myself looking out of the window
There were lots of green, pink and purple colours in the mountains.note: In American English spelling there is no \"u\" in color. However there is in British. Just wanted you to know. The same goes for a few other like-spelled words
IThings went back to normal yesterday.alt: My affairs were back. This is more formal, however, it covers you more specifically
My friends wereare in Shikoku now and they are going to drop by my place tomorrow
Next week, after thise long holiday, they are going to Tohoku, the affected area by the earthquake and tsunami, by that camping car to help them clean the damaged things.alt: via the camping. with the \"affected area\" part just switch the two words around. On another note, depending on how you feel about comma's you might just want to recreate the sentence
A very g Good news from the affected area (\"A\" is incorrect here because \"news\" is a non-count noun; \"very,\" on the other hand, just feels inappropriate in a serious title
This is a some very good news
Just now, an 80-year-old lady and a 16-year-old boy were rescued from the place under lots of debris in a town called Ishinomaki in Miyagi prefecture. (Many countries don't have \"prefectures.\" The first time you use a word that may be unfamiliar to your readers in a given text, it's probably best to write it out in full
They are being taken into (\"into\" is the motion from outside to inside. Unless the helicopter enters the hospital building, they are merely being taken \"to\" it by the helicopter; the \"into\" will probably be by hand from the helipad.) the hospital by a helicopter. (\"by a helicopter\" is grammatically okay, but think of \"I go to school by bus
That's amazing and great!!! ([adjective] and [adjective] sounds a little awkward, but \"amazing\" refers to how hard to believe something is while \"great\" refers to how good it is, so in this situation the double-adjective is okay. But please try not to overuse punctuation.)"
おひさしぶりですor ご無沙汰しております
It's been a while since I last wrote a journal entry
I'm sorry I haven't replied to each message yet that I received while I was absent, but I really appreciated them
I'm going to have a minor operation at a hospital this week
I won't be able to go to Tokyo this time
Luckily, she came to Kyoto for a four-day trip this Monday, so I went to see her there yesterday
There is a famous temple named 東寺(Toji) near Kyoto station, and a big antique market is held there on the 21st of every month
Yesterday was the very day
We met at the station at about 10:30 and walked there
There were lots of people gathered there and lots of stores selling old kimonos, food and hand crafts, as well as antiques
I found an interesting carved ornament which cost 38,000 yen
We walked around for a while, however, there were too many people and too many things to attract me 
A nice smell attracted us
We got in the queue at once
They called it いか焼き(ika-yaki), and it was quite small and 200 yen that
That, I thought, was why it was popular. Or: I thought that that was why it was so popular. Yes, two \"that
There were chairs for sitting
A foreign couple, sitting next to us, were sharing a piece of ika-yaki
It was interesting to see the girl taking lots of かつおぶし(katsuo-bushi) or slices of dried bonito as an aside
She seemed to hate it
Inside the temple, we also enjoyed seeing lots of statues of 曼荼羅(Mandala), Buddhism's heaven and earth
One of the statues named 帝釈天(Taishaku-ten) ???? riding an elephant was really handsome
Also, we entered the five-storied pagoda or 五重塔(gojuu-no-tou
I didn't know that it was built as a grave of some saints and that it had burned down four times after it was first built in 883, but it has never been destroyed by an earthquake
Before leaving there nearly 4:00, I dropped by the store again to just see the carved ornament once again, and then, surprisingly, the shope person started to give me a discount
He said, \"It is very good, but you can buy it for 8,000 yen.\" I couldn't believe it because he was reducing the price by 30,000 yen
I began to check it carefully, and then he even said, \"Okay, it's just 7,000 yen
Please take it.\" How can he discount it 31,000 yen
I thought to myself, \"Perhaps, it was not as good as the price seemed to indicate at the beginning.\" A customer's mind, it's funny, isn't it
This time, we took the train to get back to Kyoto station, even though it was only one-station distance
After buying an 駅弁 (ekiben), a colourful delicious meal in a box, we talked again about our future plans at a cafe for a while
We really had a nice time, and said good-bye at about 5:30 p.m
I would really appreciate it if you would correct any incorrect usage or unnatural expressions of mine."
I thought it was just 'tissues' even though it is they are pocket-sized, but I was not sure then
How about the case of tissues, which is made of bamboo, plastic or wood? (this sounds kind of strange. probably just: \"How about the case of tissues
It's a lovely weekend
My family went to a nearby park named Soraku-en(相楽園) in Kobe this morning."
Hi my friends both in Japan and in the rest of the world, 
A week has passed (already) since the nightmare, but lots and lots of people are still suffering from saddness, coldness, fear and inconveniences
Some of our lang-8 mates must be in trouble with daily foods and items
I thank all of you in over the world
They will collect them and send them to the victims directly
Foreign people already started to return to their own countries
And, the original one is read out by a Japanese famous actor, Ken Watanabe
I only have 12 hours to study for my physiology oral exam
If I took this exam now, I wouldn't pass it
I had to work 3hours at a japanese sushi restaurants as trial staff yesterday
I couldn't get to wage didn't get paid, despite working that I worked like crazy in rush hour
My store manager told me that he couldn't give me any i couldn't give a money because it was a trial
Eventually In the end I was working with no pay
Do Are you likely to be able to find a job? ← This means あなたは仕事をみつけられそうですか？
It's my first time overseas oversea
It's my first time of working holiday for me and being oversea
Congratulation me
At the first, i didn't know how to get off the bus
Because the bus don't tell me where to get off because the bus driver didn't tell me where to get off
I felt that the bus was is very sloppy
What's that kind of bus System of bus
I had to seek for seeking a job soon
I looked for a job in the internet and walked around the city to find a job on the website and around the city by walk
Maybe here is a little depressed town Maybe this place is a countryside
I saw many signs for rent
I decided to move to Sydney
I went to interview with a Japanese sushi restaurant today
But honestly, I don't want to working there
because the wages are very cheap at most of Asian restaurants. (上の文章の後ろに。 because は接続詞です）
The restaurant manager told me that I can start with $10(AUD
That's what I expected
But I have no choice
I have decided go to Australia
I'm going to have a working holiday in Australia in August
I've never been to any foreign country before
I'm very excited but at the same a little worried about how my lifestyle there would be
I'm looking for a house to rent
I still can't find one
Australia has winter season now, how can i take it
I start started using Lang-8 today
I don't know that how I can I say what I'm thinking
Vietnam is peaceful and friendly, I love my country and anyone who love Vietnam
I know my spelling is bad, but thank you for correcting it for me."
Today, my English teacher pointed out that I often tend to speak in an abstract way frequently in conversation
For example, when I say \"go out in society\" in a sentence; he said I should use \"start working\" instead. (You had too many commas before. :) I'd have to check the punctuation rules to make sure the semi-colon I used is correct
In addition, he also said \"international situation\" can be paraphrased \"what's going on in the world\", and \"feature\" can be said \"what makes us different
I become stressed when I learn the way of thinking that are shown in the expressions of the Japanese and English languages
Drinking Session
I went to a bar with my friends yesterday, and I got completely drunk
I realized that I get drunk on liquor easy
But I have to go to my university
I feel depressed...."
Do you use these words in your ordinary daily life
I guess that the best way to polish my English is to stay in countries whose mother tongue is English
However, I can't afford to study abroad because my money and time are severely limited. (It could go either way
How do you do? [This is actually not a very common greeting any more. \"Hello\" and \"How are you\" are much more common
Today I am writing a diary entry in English for the first time in my life
I feel a little tense
I have a part-time job, and helped my grandfather this morning
He is a farmer, so I did various things necessary for growing vegetables
It was very troublesome for me to memorize complicated words such as \"habiliment\" and \"jubilant.\" [Note: \"Jubilant\" is a somewhat common word, but \"habiliment\" is a very unusual word. It might be more worthwhile to work on words you are more likely to use. Actually using words to communicate something is the best way to remember them, in my opinion. I can't imagine a situation in which one would be likely to use the word \"habiliment
Fate\" can be translated as ”運命”　in Japanese, and \"destiny\" can also be translated by the same word
I know there are several English words equivalent to \"運命
I work at a Chinese restaurant now where I help with the cooking
Or \"I need to memorize too many dishes (menus
It's beyond my capacity
I'm specializing in social welfare, but recently I have lost an interest in it
Which path to choose is very important, so it's a very difficult choice for me
sado (\"the way of tea\")　茶道 (\"The Way of Tea
sado (茶道, \"the way of tea\") (\"The Way of Tea
“time for relaxation” \"Time for relaxation
I have ever sold the Japanese tea ceremony utensils in a department store. I have always sold (?)\/ I have been selling Japanese tea ceremony equipment in a department store (もっと自然ですけど、意味は少し違うかもしれません）
I was not interested in the way of tea before （I started there
I want to begin a lesson again though recently I took a rest. I want to start learning about it again even though I have recently taken a break
The lesson is not over throughout the life. You can learn about it throughout your life
There were many elderly women in the visitor. Many elderly women came to the store
The green tea is good for health. Green tea is good for your health
There was sometimes the visitor of the foreigner. Sometimes there were foreign visitors
I have illustrated by in English. I explained the tea ceremony (to them) in English
But it was my own way. But I did so in my own way
I explained a Chashaku with a teaspoon. I used a teaspoon to explain a Chashaku
But it is \"Bamboo Tea Scoop\" formally. But properly-speaking it is a \"Bamboo Tea Scoop
By the way, this is not a thing to wash with water. By the way, you do not wash a Chashaku with water
You wipe it and have only to clean it. You must only clean it by wiping it
Please do not forget (this)"
Diary
It is holiday when Buddha's Birthday comes in South Korea
I overslept because it's holidays
I studied for the practice test and I'll have  to study math later
The weather today (or \"Today's weather\") is very good. 
However, I cannot play around
In addition,I should go to campus\/school (choose one, I don't know if you're a school or college student) "
hHello my diary (You could also say \"Dear Diary,\" which is a very common way to start a diary entry in English
Tommorow Tomorrow is Teacher's dDay
With friends and i My friends and I bought a gift for the (our) teacher
terefore i very tired Therefore I am very tired\/This made me very tired
But it was having fun time
I want to shop (\"I want to shop\" is correct, but you normally say \"I want to go shopping\") later with my friends
I expected am planning to have a party tomorrow
i go to the bed, I am going to bed because my mom iet (because my mom is? What is she doing? Because my mom is telling me to\/Because my mom is making me\/etc)"
The upcoming Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day is the celebration of the couples
Couples usually having a date with their boyfriend\/girlfriend
I wonder why I don't like the feeling of the upcoming Valentine's Day, maybe the reason why I dislike the day is because I'm a single, and haven't celebrated with any anyone yet
To be honest, I've never had a real relationship with any other person
some guy told me that I'm too picky, and my expectations were too high, but that was not true
I have to be patient to wait for my prince, the one that may not look good but he has the responsibility to build up our relationship, the relationship that I'm looking for is one where we understand each other, and no matter happens what we can forgive each other
I know I'm like a daydreaming lady, but I just want to be sure
Who cares about Valentine's Day
so hard on today　　　「Maybe you mean 'Today was hard.' What you wrote sounds a little sexual
today, I wake　woke [you are talking about something that has already passed.] up at 5 AM to watch \"nadesiko JAPAN\" final match
It was amezing! amazing
I watched PK, I thought it is difficult to win to america.I watched PK, and I thought, 'It's difficult for America to win.'\/to beat America.' (I'm not sure which you meant
When \"nadesiko JPAN\" stop three shots, I had screame!  Shouted
Congratuletion! Congradulations
after that, My son had wake woken up
today is a japanese holiday
so we go went out to \" Yamanashi Prefectural Science Center”
It was started at from 10am to 4PM
We played around so much."
could you correct my  essay.Sure! In keeping with your polite tone, I suggest: \"Could you correct my essay please
Q: what advice would  you  give to some one someone who wants to lose weight
According to an  korean article, 40 percentage of overweight people are  in the world are overweight and the number is  increaseincreasingly rapidly
some peole say that, obesity  causes not only   diseases but also causes one to lose  self -confident self-confidence
so,  what sould peole do to reduce a weight ?should people
To begin with, the  most important   thing  is to make a plane for diet a diet plan\/a dieting plan\/plans to diet
As you know, obesty obese people prefer high calories high-calorie foods such as hot-dog, pizza, chocolate
They have to limit for  eating their intake ofthose such food  to avoid fat 
when they buy foods .Generally, use \"food\" instead of \"foods\". Even in your previous sentence \"...high-caloriefoods such as hot-dog, pizza, chocolate\", \"food\" is better
After then, make a list a  diet card and put it  on a fridge.After that, make a card listing your dietary habits and put it up on your fridge
They can check their daily intake of  foods
It is  essential to pretect  gluttony (from whom?). For them, it is essential to prevent gluttony
Second, they need to  exercise regularly
the expert Experts say that simply eating only  law low-calorie food is   not  enough to  lose  weight
Exercise and  diet food sould go hand   in hand 
However, some of fatness overweightpeople avoid physical exercise because, they get havediseases alredyalready such as   hypertension and  rheumatism 
Also  most of them just  keep away  exercise steadily.Furthermore, most of them just consistently keep away from exercise
Taking a exercise should   encourage to take off  fat and for  stimulattion blood circulation . Exercising will work off some fat and stimulate blood circulation
Third,  attending a group meeting  is a  good way to mindcontrol . Thirdly, attending a group meeting is a good way to train the mind\/exercise self-control and discipline...(\"mind control\" is scary in English
they (who?) can share a variety of  imformation  with  different experiences
MoreverMoreover,  if  they  know  who  succed  in   diet    it  will be a  good role model for  them.Moreover, someone who has succeeded in dieting would be a good
In conclusion,  and i mentioned, im strongly suggest  to overweight poeple who want to   live for  health life. In conclusion, as I've mentioned, I strongly suggest to overweight people who want to lead a healthy life to...(Complete the sentence by repeated what you suggest
They will spend  tough time to make a goal  . It will be tough for them to reach their goal
however ,  if   you  control  your minds  and  body condition, you will be successful  
no gains no pains\"."
When a physical examination is performed, first, the animal, his or her owner, the students, the doctor, and the trainer walk into a consultation room together
Then, while students are asking the owner some questions, everybody observes behavior of animal 
Students tell the owner of their conclusions
In some cases, we noticed the owners have a big troubles about their pets, we paid much attention."
It's times like these that I wish I had some kind of anti-virus software installed."
I am a university student in Japan
After graduating  from the university, I want to study abroad
So I have to brush up on my English skill
If I made mistakes, please correct them."
Nagoya university has (the\/a) Discovery park
I was working on an analysis of pituitary glands using flow cytometry
The Discovery park has many engineers and technicians
They conduct high-quality research
I was taught how to use flow cytometer and precautions regarding the experiment
I could get a chance to make presentation about my research and discuss  overseas education with Dr
I had such a productive 2 weeks."
First time to type in Korean
Today, I used my PC to write in Korean for the first time
This is my first time
It was very difficult for me."
Now, The writing that was written by me just now have vanished! away 
I had a big shock
I wrote a long diary!"
I will take part in a party with my high school students
The party will be given in Tokyo at Roppongi
The recruitment number is 1000 people
We never take part in a party,so we are looking forward to going
What dress design we put on?"
안녕하세요
처음으로
한국어를
This morning, I got up at 9 time when my friend called
My friend said \"Good morning Sari
I said \"yeah
The boy said \"after 2 hours
The topic is marine living body molecule faculty chemistry
Last year, 80% of the students who majored in marine science of 80% failed the test
I studied very hard
But I will study chemistry even more because on June 11th, I will have another chemistry test."
I have been learn studying English for five months
I want to speak English better, but I don't know why what it make takes."
My name is Repon
Repon is my network's Nickname.Repon isn't really my name, it's just an online nickname\/screen name (nickname is not capitalized
I want to learn how tospeak in English
But I'm not very good
I will try with a lot of effort
Jazz, rock and roll and classic
My favorite musicians are Bill Evans and Chick Corea (Return to Forever
I want to try to write an english diary
Do you think the Japanese government should accept more immigrants
I agree with the statement that Japan should accept more immigrants from abroad to combat the problems of declining birthrate and an aging population
A number of immigrants want jobs in Japan and they work hard because they want to improve their lives
Other ways, for example, raising taxes would only end up making people live less happily. however is not necessary because this sentence doesn't contradict the previous one
I don't want to work after I am\/become\/turn 65 yeas old because of a lack of the savings or a decreased pension
On the other hand, what are some problems with accepting more immigrants
These problems are not a big deal
We will be able to solve them by discussing and understanding each others' cultural differences
All in all, immigrants are can be a powerful boon for the\/our aging society
The Japanese government should change its policy
Talking with foreigners is very\/a lot of fun
Why don't we live together and make our lives wonderful with cultural exchange
About Pronunciation of Russian in English speaking area. English is a language so the first letter needs to be capitalized
When we (Japanese) pronounce nouns of Russian nouns (or Former Soviet Union states), it's the literal Russian pronunciation. Russia is a place so the first letter must be capitalized
Despite of it being a foreign country's show, I love watching \"Top Gear
I have a question, about the word \"Rubbish\", which is used by Jeremy Clarkson is blaming his disliked car. (when he is talking about a car he dislikes
I know \"trash\" has same meaning and it's always used in North America always
Then what's the difference with between \"Rubbish\" and \"Garbage
And which one is more popular in everyday life?"
Is this appropriate when I am talking with high status people (although, I do not think such opportunities could happen
Greeting) \"May I say what an honor it is to meet you.\" (You could also say, \"May I say it is a [great] honor to meet you.\" or \"It's an honor to meet you.\" You can use whichever one you like more. All of them are very polite and used when meeting important people
And how can I say \"Yes\" or \"No\" then \"Goodbye\"?"
Postcards which I had written to my family from Singapore arrived yesterday
I had kept it a secret, so my family was surprised and pleased
I think it is a good idea to write postcards from the places we go
I ran into my friend on the way while I was jogging
He brought to me two pieces of good news
One news item was that he had a baby boy on Friday night, just two days ago before
It was a good and happy glad news
Another piece of news was that one of our friends got married last week
He My other friend had said to me directly nothing directly to me about his marriage, so it was surprising for to me
Yes, I was very glad to hear these two pieces of good news
It is a bad manners to chew gums loudly with an open mouth open
They come to the office, sit at their desk, open a bottle of chewing gums, and begin loudly chewing loudly almost every morning
The loud noise bothers me and hinders to concentrate my concentration on my work
I don't want to argue them on over such a silly slight trivial thing, so I push put earplugs into my ears canals everyday
I can concentrate on my job and improve in efficiency more than I expected with wearing the earplugs
Why don't you try it, if you want to concentrate on anything something
We discussed with our colaboratory members in the Netherlands
We could discuss with foreign researchers at our Japan office
We need not to go to the Netherlands, and they need not go to Japan. -- We won't need to go to the Netherlands and they don't need to come to Japan. (this might sound more natural
Truthfully, I'd like to go there now
Anyway, we had a very fruitful and exciting discussion yesterday
I was sorry I was not confident at the web meeting, I could not speak well. -- I'm not sure if \"confident\" is the correct word. Perhaps you could use \"not comfortable at\" or \"not familiar with web meetings
I think I have to speak more and I want to be able to speak more in English
Wow, it started raining again right now. *(Alternative: \"It's just started raining again
The sun and the rain in the summer should be necessary for producing crops in the autumn and so on
We have to take care not to get heat stroke (a more common term in the UK and maybe the USA) and enjoy this hot summer."
We have a busy week, and at last it's Friday, that is the day before the weekend
We deserve to refresh or enjoy ourselves on the weekend, if we worked hard during the week
Today is the last day before the summer holidays
I can't wait for\/until tomorrow
We will have some cleaning duties and check facilities in our lab today
I will have some meetings and interviews, too
However, it's the Friday before the summer holidays
Anyway, after the work, I will step into the summer holidays!"
We played on a well treated, beautiful lawn playground
Clay ones are common
Lawn grounds are softer and more comfortable than clay ones, but treatments are more necessary for keeping the ground conditions
I have been reading some books in these days during this summer vacation
I've read essays and (various) novels, including classic novels and recent hit novelsbestsellers
Some were interesting, the others were too difficult to read again, and the rest I read just to kill some time.Were you saying the books were so difficult you would never want to read them again, or that they were so difficult, you have to read them again to be able to understand them
I read the books on the train and at  home at night
Sometimes when I was reading, sometimes I dropped off to sleep
I slipped into the novel's story world
Or I got bored of the book and took a nap
Really difficult or boring books were good for dozing off
Please read some good books and have a good nap as well."
For pPracticing for next month's half marathon
I ran on the actual course of the next month's half marathon with more than ten friends for practiceing
At an easy not so fast pace, we sometimes chatted while running
We will run a half marathon or a 10 km race on the race day
We made a good preparation for them.>> I'd say 'It was good preparation
We saw plum blossoms and early cherry blossoms blooming along the way."
We had a running event, but unfortunately it was heavily raining
However, we are crazy for running, so over 20 runners including myself joined the event and ran in the pouring rain
The road seemed like a flooded river
Some cars splashed water on us from puddles
I'm sure we looked stupid
But we really enjoyed running the full marathon in the bad yet funny condition
After reaching the finish line, we went to a hot spa and enjoyed ourselves."
I went to watch the movie \"Super-8\" movie yesterday
I think I should not tell the story here in detail
It is kind of similar to Spielberg's other movies
It is said that an adequate workout can lead to a healthier life
I think walking is the easiest workout for almost everyone, from young to old people
When you turn on the pedometer, it counts your steps automatically
It is fun, even funner than I expected
I recommend trying it
More than ten thousands steps a day is the target goal
I entered for the next Tokyo Marathon
It will be held in the next February
The entrants will be chosen by a lottery
I could was able to run the last one (fortunately) luckily. \"Luckily\" is not wrong, but \"Fortunately is a little more natural, so I wrote it in blue and you can decide if you want to use it 
They say that there is the way to make your dream come true, which consists of three very simple steps
First, write your dream down on a paper
Second, put the paper on the wall and look at it everyday
Right, I got it, I think it would be sure to help me succeed
I will write down my dream on a pad to help me make it become a reality
It would be preferable if the dream, or goal, were SMART
This is written in some books on self-development."
We had the Hydrangea Festival in the town next to my city last weekend, and this weekend
Hydrangeas are very popular in Japan. or, The Hydrangea Festival is very popular in Japan
It blooms in June, and is the symbol of the rainy season
Red, blue, purple, pink, white, and many various colored flowers are very cute and beautiful with its vigorous green leaves especially in the rain
The flowers are said to vary their colors by the pH of the soil
At the festival, we have some ceremonies, concerts, and the other events as well as free appreciation of  hydrangeas planted along the street and footpaths between rice fields
At first, cutting its branches, arranging about 10cm length, cutting the edge sharply, and sticking them into soil in small pot, and then watering enough so they don't dry up for a few weeks
Some of the branches took root successfully and grow in the pots
Winter has returned (here
Take good care to not get a cold, everyone
By the way, do you know have you heard of \"Nagori-yuki
Yuki\" means snow, \"Nagori\" means like lingering farewell, I think
Nagori-yuki\" is a kind of snowfall in Spring
It sometimes snows in March around Tokyo, or and also in the southern part of Japan
In March, spring has already come, and no snow are there usually. it usually doesn't snow
In spring, we do new things, like entering schools andgetting new jobs, therefore we may have to move to new places. 
We may then have to be separated from loved ones
There might be a sentimental scenes here and there
While we are reluctant to say good bye at a station platform or somewhere
Just at that moment, it starts snowing sentimentally even dramatically. *We wouldn't really say 'snowing sentimentally' or 'dramatically'. Maybe 'snowing softly'? 
We call this snow \"Nagori-yuki
So it doesn't mean just snow in Spring
Some sentimental feeling is there in \"Nagori-yuki
Nagori- yuki\" is the name of a popular song originally, I'm sorry I'm not sure who the artist was
My own \"Nagori-yuki\" moment was
at a long long time ago
I had left my girlfriend at a station platform of in my hometown and came to Tokyo about a quarter of a century ago
Anyway, it is one of my most precious memories, hahaha
Is it unconscious or conscious? [Natural: \"Did I do it consciously, or unconsciously
I think I did it rather consciously
I have to make it a habit to wake up absolutely as early as possible
My older friends came back to my office
An older friends of mine, who had retired from work two years ago, came back to work at in our section as a senior staff member from yesterday
He had also been the former manager of our soccer club
I like him and respect him
So I feel surprised and have a little difficulty to work working with him right now, but I am sure we will be able to get along at our work
Saturday is usually a holiday from work for our office
It is a substitution for the day that we didn't work due to the rotating power cuts
We have an occasional working calendar corresponding to the rotating power cuts."
Yesterday was a rest day day of rest
I enjoyed doing some gardening yesterday
Picking up weeds, cutting grass, trimming some branches off of trees, watering and fertilizing them, blur, blur, blur etc, etc, etc
By the way, we have a holidays called \"Golden Week\" from which began yesterday, April 29th, that is or what is called in Japanese, \"Midori no hi\", to May 5th, \"Kodomo no hi\", in Japan
I took a day off today, so I have seven-day consecutive holidays
Haha, not any none at all
However, Each of everyone in my family has stuffs of themselves respectively to do for themselves
So we can't go on a trip to somewhere altogether
But I will go cycling to in Kamakura with my wife
The This short(littleの方がいいと思います) trip by bike is an annual event of us two for the two of us."
I signed up for the Tokyo Yumemai Marathon on Oct
It will be my 4th time to run this race
It is not a timed race, but an interesting 42.195km sightseeing (no space needed) race
Expensive purses will make you appear rich
Your attitude and behavior, which the purse bring you, may make you appear to be an rich person
Expensive purses only suit rich people, which I agree with. However, I can't believe the purses make you rich
The first working day of 2011
Today is the first working day of 2011 of my office
I have to work hard, as hard as last year, or rather harder. (bit of an awkward sentence
Anyway, I am afraid it will be very cold in the building after several holiday days without heating., you know
Since I've got the new tasks, new goals, a new schedule, and new coworkers,I have a lot of things to learn about my new work
Moreover, there are a lot of various things which are new for\/to me every day, even every hour
With my previous work in the former section, I rarely went to the headquarters
It was only once every two or three years, I'm not sure
On the other hand, with the new work, I go there once every two or three weeks
I'm afraid I don't like taking the train very much, especially crowded trains in metropolitan areas
I overslept
The electricity power was planned to be cut off yesterday evening, but it was canceled in my area, luckily
We have hand lights in our house for the power outage
There is going to be one this evening today."
Fuji, which is the highest mountain in Japan as you know
I write about it because, unusually,  I can remember it a dream unusually
In my dream, I watched a football game of Japan versus England national team on TV.>> sounds more natural to me
Japan team got more and more goals on and on
A The sportscaster was very excited and shouted at after every each goal
When the score was scored 5-1, I awoke from the dream and got up
I wonder what mine was, getting the having a dream like this
Natalie Portman acts as the heroine, the main ballerina (or \"principal dancer\") of the Swan Lake ballet
She got the Academy Award through this role
The movie was very interesting and it was for mature people because it contained some scenes which are not good for children."
I went to my office after my 4 day business trip today
Some time flied by at the office in my absence
I'm still busy, or maybe I've even unfortunately become busier
It seems never-ending
Some grass turned yellow during this hot summer
It has been a beautiful green color in the winter and the spring
However, I got some useful information
It is called a burn by fertilizer
We must not apply fertilizer too much to the grass especially in the mid summer
A lot of plants in our garden have become vigorous lively in these days in our garden
There are Lawn grasses, rosemaries, lavenders, daisies, hedge trees, and so on, including many plants to which names I don't know
New buds and leaves are budding there
We feel happy in the Spring while seeing them growing up with vigor
Have nice Spring days, all friends
I took the TOEIC test after work yesterday
I think that I could have done better but I got it done anyway
Concentration during the listening section is very important, but it was hard for me to do so yesterday
I suppose it would be better to not take such a tough test on Friday evening after work
One would probably be tired from working all week and would surely find it difficult to concentrate on the test for a long time
I could enjoy taking the test this time though
I like English even more than before
I think that's why I enjoyed the test
That is, thanks to you here in Lang-8, even if you were only a small part
I thank you from the bottom of my heart. (This is a more common English phrase 
I will find out the results in two weeks
I wonder if I got a higher score that before."
There were three exhibitions: new generation lights, functional films, and these manufacturing technologies
The lights section showed us many kinds of new generation lights of the new generation
If you want, you can combine these two sentences. Example: \"The lights section showed us many kinds of new generation lights, mainly LEDs and organic LEDs
LEDs consumes much lower less electricity power than fluorescent light tubes
They also demonstrated large a large size of the 3D displays which we don't need to wear 3D glasses to watch. It is probably just me, but \"which we don't need to wear 3D glasses to watch\" seems a little awkward. Maybe \"which don't require 3D glasses to watch
The largest one was 70 inches size
I got a Kindle
I am sure that it is a very good device
The electric paper display is very easy to read, even easier than the LCD displays of PCs
I loved it at the first sight
I will read books written in English and improve my English skills."
A Fruitful visit to the representative offices (Usually, we tend to capitalize all the important words in a title, like so, \"A Fruitful Visit to the Representative Offices\" - but, this can vary a lot between people
We went to three of them, the three being Belgium, Finland and Germany
And the representative person who talked with us were Japaneses or foreigners from their country
Thanks to my studying here on Lang-8, I could managed to have discussions in English. Or: Thanks to my studying here on Lang-8, I could manage the discussions in English
The discussions mainly consisted of an introduction and presentation about the institutes and the activities they carry out, and we asked many questions. (I suggest starting a new like \"We also asked many questions\" so as to not put too much information in one sentence
We could have had very fruitful discussions and got\/learned a lot of new informations and knowledges. \"Information\" and \"knowledge\" are both part of a category we call \"uncountable nouns.\" That is, they are words which cannot be counted and are usually treated as singular
I'm not quite sure whether you meant to say \"Those were good visits.\" or \"We had a good time visiting them
I would like to visit the foreign research institutes in their own countries and know more about them."
There is a small path named \"Omoide-Yokocho\" in the western side of Shinjuku Station
The path and bars have Showa Retro Style, it looks like it has not changed for long time from Showa era
It was my first visit from this old bar
We enjoyed drinking some beer and other drinks and eating yakitoris with very reasonable price
I want to go for (some) karaoke to refresh myself
I like karaoke, but it's been a long time since I last went karaoke singing 
I guess that singing songs loudly is very fun and very good for refreshing
I think it is one of the greatest inventions of Japan
How do you like karaoke
He will quit a his job at our office at the end of March
He is one of the targets (victims) of corporate restructuring. I would use the word \"victim\" more than \"target\" because it gives more the connotation of your friend having bad luck befall him
He is leaving for another job
We, He and I, have been at the same group for about five years, since 2005
He was a our group leader of our group
Therefore, I was got shocked and felt somewhat betrayed when I heard the news of his change of job
To say tell the truth, I was sorry I didn't think he was enough to be of a leader of our group, so I often argued with him about the his management. (\"To tell the truth\" is a common expression
But this it is also true that I respect him a lot as a good engineer and I like him as a good elder friend
Anyway, we will miss him
We wish for his every success in his new job as well as good luck with his health. I added \"good luck\" with his health because one can't really wish for success for health. You would, however, be able to wish for success in an operation that would make someone healthy. 
Usually, one would use \"Best wishes to him\". For example, on Christmas cards, you can sometimes see the sentence \"Best wishes to you and your family
Yesterday, I ran a marathon, 42.195km
It was too hot to run a long distance, or even to do any other exercise outdoors
I poured water over my head several times, too
I ran in the shade as much as possible to minimize the exposure to direct sunlight
It was very tough again, but I did it."
I want good boots
I am planning to buy boots
I am wondering which boots I will buy, while browsing on the web
For example, as for work boots, there are many types of work boots
I can't decide which ones to get yet
March 21th is the Spring Equinox Day
The day time and the night time are equal during the Equinox
We had three straight holidays
Today is the last of them
I have a lot of stuffs to do
We wore the 3D glasses provided
The computer graphics are very beautiful and appear almost real
The movie is fun to watch and easy to understand
It is impressive with its theme of the relationship between the human as invaders and the former inhabitants on the planet
I guess it will become one of the \"must see\" movies."
The battery was dead in on the train back home yesterday
What do you think of that?"
ZZZZ at BB company introduced you to me, so I am sending this email
I am writing this email you because I'd like to ask you to tell us about the open innovation
As you know, the open innovation is one of the main areas in business and R&D collaboration
We would like to hear your ideas and opinions about open innovation 
ZZZZ and myself, are members of the XYZ Interbusiness Research Institute, 
and have been conducting research about the open innovation since this spring
We will be conducting research for about one year, and our goal is (to create) a proposal of Japanese open innovation
We are now learning about the open innovation in Europe and US compared with in Japan.ese one
We would like to hear about the open innovation in\/at your laboratories
We would appreciate it if you could spare some time to talk with us about open innovation
Please give us a chance to visit and speak with you
Please let me know when is convenient for you
Again I apologize for the rudeness of this sudden email
Hoping for good news
He has been very nervous the last couple of days
But it seemed to me that he was enjoying (the thrill\/excitement of) getting nervous
According to him, he must NOT be nervous before the exams as that may affects his performance. On the other hand, he doesn't need to be anxious before the announcement of his performances, so he CAN get nervous without restraint. -- There is a subtle difference between \"can\" and \"must\" which pertains the to capability or capacity to doing something
Hebelieves he will pass the examination
He says he is confident that he did well
He  is very optimistic. -- English speaking people often say things like \"... is well optimistic\" (a rather colloquial example is \"That is well bad\") although technically it's not good grammar
The announcement will be conduct made at the university at about 1 o'clock today
I really hope he has can passed it
I'm sure he will has
I can't help thinking\/worrying about it
I am also nervous.(Why in capitals?)"
I use up ballpoint pens and replace with refills
It's a trivial thing, I know
I will put a new refill into the 100yen ballpoint pen
It is kind to the eco system
We have a lot of work to do for an important decision making next week
We spent a lot of time for discussing, researching, and making reports and agendas for it
Unfortunately, the progress of our work is not going as well as expected
I think this is usually the case
Besides that, I had job interviews as an interviewer with applicants from universities
I left home to go to my office at six in the morning
I left my office to go on a business visit at seven. [A \"business trip\" usually takes a longer time, and includes staying overnight, taking a plane, etc
I left the visit to and returned to my office at noon
I left my office to go home at a few minutes to the  midnight
It was somewhat tough for me as a convalescent."
It was too hot to sleep well last night
I woke up a few times
Finally, I ended up getting out of bed to turn on the fan at last
We will have some sleepless nights in the summer
To mow the loan lawn
It is has been two weeks after since the last mowing
To cut some branches of from a the berry tree.You could say \"prune the berry tree
It grows very fast in during this season
To wash my car
I think it is has been about a month after since the last time
To clean my desk and my room
To watch dramas and movies recorded in on the HDD recorder
I want to do this, but I probably can't. can't do this probably
To go for a jog for in order to refreshing myself
To buy my daughter a new pair of running shoes
To have a good and relaxing time and have some rest
How to manage to change from my sports outfits into my office clothes
I run to work and back home almost everyday
It is a great way to start a new day and finish a work of the day
Running helps me change from the working mode to the private mode and vice versa
I will tell you how I manage to change from my sports outfits into my office clothes
I can't work at the office in my dirty, wet clothes. It's weird, you know
Luckily, there is a locker for me in a locker room at my office building. OR Luckily, there is a locker for me at work
I change from my sports outfits to my office uniforms there
I bring some extra clothes like shirts and shorts and underwear with me in my backpack every morning, and keep them in my locker
So I can run back home in clean dry clothes
Sometimes, on warm days, I have to change my underwear.(sometimes is one word 
Everyday after finishing my work in the office uniforms, I run back home while carrying the dirty, wet outfits and underwear back home everyday in my backpack
There should not be any limits for anything
The only person limiting you is you, yourself
You have infinite ability and limitless potential
You can do anything you want to do, and you can get it done better than you think you can
Therefore, you have to try and push on while getting your limits off
What do you think about this
I usually end up setting limits for myself when doing something
Was \"you\" are suitable for these sentences
Or would \"we\" be better than \"you\"?"
Busy Week
Another busy week has started
It was just on midnight when I arrived at home after the long long train ride from the business trip
We hope spring comes soon. 
Plum blossoms have been blooming for several days now
We hope that spring will come soon
But I feel hay fever is in the air
I have to put on a mask in spring
I want to enjoy taking photos with M42 lenses again
I have sold some of my M42 lenses from my collection
I used them before, but I haven't used them in more than five years
Well, while selling the lenses, I feel like taking photographs with them by myself again. (Easier
Therefore I bought a used digital camera and a mount adapter for old M42 mount lenses
Digital cameras are cheaper and more affordable than 5 years ago
And it does not require a development cost
I got a used one for a very reasonable price
I write my journals almost everyday, and my posts are always corrected and commented on
And my posts are always (or usually) corrected and commented by someone
I am sorry I have neither the time nor ideas for posting today
The Somei-Yoshino cherry trees are now in bloom
We enjoyed drinking some alcohol while watching the trees
24-hour Relay Marathon In English, titles are usually capitalized
We signed up for the 24-hours relay marathon held at Hiratsuka Sougou Kouen Park in September
Eight runners on our team will run the relay
What do you think about a 24-hours relay
Sounds like that exciting, doesn't it
It will be very tough, even extremely tough, but at the same time, it may will probably be a funny and enjoyable event like a big festivals
We will enjoy running and also the rest time with our buddies
It is my first 24-hours relay
Do you know about internet banking services
I have had a bank account on one of the internet banks
But I found it useful, for example, to pay via a bank transfer when internet shopping
I bought something by bank transfer via the internet banking
It was cloudy, chilly, and a little windy, so it was a good day for running
I ran three marathons in a week, which were on Saturday, Sunday, and Thursday
It is incredible to run 100 marathons every single 100day for 100 days in a row
He is an incredible even though he is in his 60's
Acupuncture eased her
My daughter received acupuncture to ease her recent mental condition, like nervousness and irritability, and unstableness
The acupuncture worked to her surprisingly very well
She got better and much more positive as compared to before
I'm not sure but I think she had some tension or fatigue in her body, which brought her nervousness, anxiety, and another negative feelings
The acupuncture arranged and cured her tension, but I don't know it well
It seems like the summer is back
The temperature in the daytime is more than over 30 degrees
However, it is cooler in the morning and evening with a pleasant autumn breeze
We also feel a pleasant breeze in the shade, even in the daytime
One of our colleagues will leave our laboratory at the end of this week
She has been working in our laboratory as a temporary staff, and she found a permanent job
We are very sorry to lose her but very pleased that she got the new job she has been wanting
Well, I drank too much yesterday, I have a hangover now..."
We should have done a face-to-face communication."
Got the flu (Unless you are making a pun on the phrase \"Got milk?\", Then, \"Got flu?\" is ok
My son got the flu
He has a slight fever, throat pain and fatigue, but they all are not severe
He took the effective medicine, Tamiflu, and has been resting in bed
I hope he will get well soon
And we are afraid if his flu might infect my daughter
Because she has an interview for the entrance exam to the high school next Monday! (To use 'because', you would have to connect the two sentences \"We are afraid his flu might infect my daughter because she has an interview for the entrance exam into high school next Monday
In recently, I wrote bad to whom chews loudly here, so is God punishing me with this
Gave the lawn a some fertilizer
I gave the lawn a some fertilizer this morning. Fertilizer のこと（肥料）の数えれないですから、「some」を使います。他の例文： I drank some tea. お茶を飲みました。
First, about 10 gramｓ powder of urea fertilizer, which is two or three scoops by using a tablespoon, was dissolved and diluted into 5 litters of water in a watering pot
And the dilute solution of the fertilizer was given to the lawn, 2 to 3 litters per a square meters
This urea fertilizer is very efficient for the growth of the grass, and is especially good for greening making the leaves green
The lawn in my garden turned yellow by due to the severe heat in this summer
So I'd like to make them recover and want the grass to turn green them again
I wish the fertilizer helps them recover. "
Finding an apartment for my son
I went to Tokyo for to find an apartment for my son who will start a new single life in Tokyo
It is his first time living alone
We were very lucky to have found a very nice one and to sign up for it
I feel kind of lonely (without him) and I miss him
We hope he is growing up to be a nice adult
Warlords and us at the Odawara 2-Day March
This photo was taken at the finish point of the route after a 20km walk
They were people from the event who were costumed as warlords of the Sengoku era which was several hundred years ago
The white wall with the piled stones was a part of the Odawara castle
Maybe we also should put on protectors and helmets like them, shouldn't we
Just to tell you, usual Japanese people like us don't have such uniforms and protectors, of course
That's why I changed to a shorter route to the office and ran in the rain sometimes with an umbrella and sometimes not
I was not very soaked (wet) when I arrived at the office."
No, not only in recent days, but almost every day, I am busy
I worked a lot of overtime this week, especially
I was at the office until around the midnight some days this week
So now I'm suffering from some lack of sleep
I will be able to rest on the weekend
Have a good Friday and good weekend, all my friends! \/ everyone!"
Buying and Selling on the Using Internet auctions
I can get some goods from internet auctions. For example: used watches, shoes, clothes, cameras, and so on
It is good enough to get something things at reasonable prices
And sometimes I sell something things I don't use any more on internet auctions
It is a very good way to reuse things and to clean my house
I sold ten old cameras of from my collection recently
I didn't think no one anyone would want them, but almost all of them were bid on and sold
To reduce waste, to reuse things, and to recycle is a good way to reduce carbon dioxide and is eco-friendly
Do you know how to cheer yourself up when you are going through tough, difficult, or hard situations
I have the magic words for cheering me up
I tell you what
the words are
It's a showtime 
I suggest you to say the words to yourself when you find yourself in a tough situations
If you say so, you could make yourself stronger to conquer something such as a problem. and You could succeed in ending it or dealing with it successfully, I believe
It is very easy (for you) to say only a few words, isn't it? (Not incorrect, but sounds better without \"for you
Graduation ceremony of my daughter My Daughter's Graduation Ceremony
There will be the a graduation ceremony of at my daughter's junior high school today
There was one of my son's high school just some days ago
My wife and I will attend it this time
My daughter will play the piano accompaniment at the ceremony
She is good at playing the piano plays very well
I am looking forward to hearing her play there
A lang-8 friend crayonmaster taught me that graduates throw their hats into the air at the graduation ceremonys in the United States
I have seen saw this in the movie \"An Officer and a Gentleman
It was a very impressive scene
I like that movie
By the way, come to think of it, as there is an interesting custom at the graduation ceremonies in Japan, where a girl graduate would ask a boy of her love she loves or especially her one-side love to give her the a button on the from his uniform as a memory on of the graduation day, especially if her love is unrequited
We will have a brief meeting in this morning about the personnel transfers, maybe
Someone seems will probably be transfered to another department. or It seems that someone is going to be transfered 
Or someone (else) will come from another department. or (for clarity): Either that or someone might be\/will be transfered to our department
Certainly, it is not me at this time
My driver's license card has a built-in IC chip
I can't remember them
They must be numbers of my kids' birthdays
I was very excited when I opened the envelope that the result sheet was in
Well, I regained my personal record high score on the TOEIC
My score had been decreasing on the last two tests
So I studied harder to get a better score
I was very proud of my effort for the test
and I think it was thanks to you all my friends here in Lang-8
Overslept again and again
I wonder if I am tired or for because of the lack of sleep
It feels so (optional) hard to get up early, especially in winter
The warm bed grubs draws me in and doesn't release me
I have sore muscles here and there in my lower body, which are lower front of thighs, upper front of thighs, back of thighs, calves, soles of feet, buttocks, and lower back
These are almost all the areas of my lower body
I feel especially sore in the lower part of my front thighs. 
I have a question. 
Please let me I would like to know how to express the severity of pain in English
How do you talk about pain
I will be grateful if you teach me about this. Alternative: I would be grateful if you could explain this to me
We have had heavy rain in Japan, especially in Kanto Area these days
The rain was seriously heavy
The roads sank and the houses had water on the floors. (or say \"the houses flooded
When the heavy rain suddenly starts and falls seriously heavily, we call it guerrilla rain."
I went to see the movie; \"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
It was long, over two and half hours, but it didn't feel so long, because it was very speedy and exciting
The images were also excellently shown as the world of the original book. This sentence makes sense grammatically, but is awkward. Maybe it is better to say \"The movie portrayed the imagery from the original book very well
I can't wait for the 2nd half of the movie which will be roadshowed released next summer
I went for to dinner with my colleagues who will transfer to another section on April 1st
They have been my staff for only one year
I feel sorry that they're transferring. 
I hope they will be good workers at their next section
For example, it takes 15 hours a day
Therefore, I need to go to our laboratory early in the morning to set up the equipment and stay until late at night to stop them
I have to repeat the experiments every day including Saturdays and Sundays
We will run a 1.73 km-lap route around the baseball stadium and soccer studium in Hiratsuka Sougou Kouen Park
We compete on how many laps we can run in 24 hours
It seems over 150 teams will participate in the relay
I was tripped and was about to fall down on my way from the station to my office yesterday morning
I was walking without thinking much about anything, then
My foot was tripped by a small kink
It is hot summer and we are it is easy to get lack of sleep; please take care while walking, riding, driving or doing anything
Yesterday was a “non-overwork” day of our office. （Since it's not an international term you could use quotation marks to introduce it
Wednesday is usually (?) the non-overwork day
But in spite of that, I worked right up until 11 p.m in the empty office
I was very tired
To tell the truth, I haven't had a non-overwork day on my own since April
I did overtime every Wednesday, including until late at night. (Because yesterday was Wednesday, right
It is because I have weekly meetings on Thursday mornings
I have to make weekly reports for the meetings on Wednesday evenings
We have had some cold, winter-like days as in winter recently, but some spring buds and flowers at the same time
We find spring has come here for certainly
The lawn in my yard is turning green from yellow these days
Ceder pollen flies into the air by wind and causes our hay fever
I am also bothered by hay fever
A Seriously Hot Marathon
I ran a marathon race yesterday
We hydrated way more than usual and kept a slower paced down
We enjoyed ourselves to running very much
There is only a day left before the test
I want to get a better score than the last time, at least
We place a stack of round rice cakes at every house or family home to offer to the deities, who come on New Years' days
The stack of rice cakes is called 'Kagami-mochi', which consists of three parts: a larger round cake, upon which a smaller one is stacked, and an orange on top of that
The New Years' days come to end with some ceremonies including this 'Kagami-biraki' and 'Dondo-yaki', as introduced before, in Japan
She wants to go shopping to buy some books and some interior goods and to sing karaoke
Today at 10am I will start to sign up for the Tokyo marathon, which will be held next March, at 10 am today. (You put the time of the race, \"March\" and the time to sign up \"Today at 10am\" next to each other. It was a little confusing
I have run once three years ago. I ran once, three years ago
I have had headaches, coughs, sluggishness and heavy sleepiness these couple of days
Did I catch a cold
Or was it caused by some lack of sleep or so
I went to see a doctor and got some medicine, which was cough medicine, throat medicine, and cold medicine
Labor Thanksgiving Day
Today, November 23th is Labor Thanksgiving Day
We give thanks to all laborers
I am having a good rest day today, too
I will not go to the office today, never
To tell you the truth, my office is not available closed today, because we are it is now under moving
We can easily notice whether they're a freshman or not, eh
I got up to go out and my son came back home just now
It is a Friday midnight.>> e.g. 'it is Monday afternoon' or 'it's Thursday morning
I will go to run a 112km ultra marathon today.>> 'I will run...' or \"I'm running..' or 'I am going to run', but not 'I will go to' if you are talking about a future plan or intention
Please give me more power and strength, both physically and mentally."
I ran in a marathon race yesterday as described in yesterday's journal
That is was my last race in of 2009. \/\/ That was my last race of the year
I participated in just 30 races in 2009 this year
Am I a race freak, a race dependent, or something like that 
I myself think I am a running freak, maybe a run dependence I'm dependent on running  to some extent
By the way, I don't like racing against another person other people very much
I like running slowly as well as jogging better with while thinking various things alone and with not without having to thinking about anything
When I am running, I can have my own time for only to myself
It probably means we will feel challenged during the 42.195 km, that means a full marathon, of course, but it is very short time compared with one's whole life, so it is short enough to bear it, or it is too short to enjoy it
This marathon race is the Kintarou Marathon
It will be held on next May 16th
We have a 2km race for kids, as well as 5km, 10km and 15km races
The total of entrants was more than 2800 last year
We went over the outline of it today and checked the marathon course by walking the actual course
The total distance was about 10km
I ran at an easy pace and it felt good."
Today's party is easier with one with my friends
We were also colleagues at my former office, but we are now kindred-spirit friends
Today's party is a farewell party for celebrating his mandatory retirement and honoring, appreciating his long time efforts
But it will be an absolutely casual, frank, and happy party
I am looking forward to seeing friends who haven't seen me for a while at the party
I went to a party one a week ago Wednesday, didn't I
Not same \"a week ago Wed. and last Wed.?)It's better in this case to say \"I went to a party last Wednesday, didn't I
and last Wed.?) That was the one with my colleague at my present office that I planned. It was for making better more nomi-nication. (I'm not sure what you where trying to say here in blue
Do you think I have a lot of parties? (This is written properly, it it suggests that you are the one throwing the party. If you mean that you attend many parties, it might be better to say 'Do you think I go to a lot of parties
No, I have less than one a month on average
On the wagon\" is an interesting phrase, isn't it
It means to \"stop drinking\", or \"not drinking\" alcohol
Anyway, I will enjoy the party this evening."
I wanted to report a good and positive story to you, so I was able to hang in there and keep running to the finish gate instead of giving up
I am very happy to have finished it\/it's over
And I am very pleased to have (be able to) post good news as well
I am bothered by bad coughs these days, I think it has been more than three weeks
The clinic was full of patients and I had to wait for about one and a half hours there before seeing the doctor
He checked my throat, the sound of my chest, and took an X-ray photo of my lungs, and then said it was not serious and that I had to take some medicines
I hope my cough will go away soon
I had planned a casual party at a Chinese restaurant to enhance the friendship between me and my coworker
We enjoyed delicious Chinese cuisine and drinks, and we also enjoyed chatting about various things around us
I will plan the next event soon again
We have a high school reunion party of our high school today
It is the one of the semiannual parties for alumni in the Tokyo area held in every spring and every autumn
Our high school is in Hiroshima, which is famous for peace something. It is located about 1000km east of Tokyo. (I'm not sure what you mean by \"peace something
I will be able to see my friends today after a long while. (Or \"Today, I will be able to see friends that I haven't seen in a long while\/time
Furthermore, our reunion\/old soccer club has soccer games in the morning
I will take part in them, of course
I am looking forward to it very much too
The soccer games in the morning, and the reunion party at night with my old friends will take me back to my youth
Should it be sounds fun? (What part did you want to replace with \"sounds fun\" 
I can't wait (for it)."
Yesterday was the day of the harvest moon in Japan, it's called \"Chushu no meigetsu

I jogged back home from work under the harvest moon that was shining very brightly and beautifully
We celebrate the growth and health of girls while displaying many beautiful Hina dolls at each family's house
Odairi-sama and Ohina-sama, which represent the Emperor and the Empress, and many servants are set on a five or seven tiered platform
My family used to displaysimply two Hina dolls which are the Odairi-sama  and the Ohina-sama  for my daughter
Happy birthday to Dad
I hope he will live a long time without disease."
I'm sure spring will come here in our place soon
The early kind of sakura is now has already started blooming
They are 20% in blooming now
We Japanese loves sakura
I also look forward to it
I am getting tired with this cold winter
I don't like spring very much because of this only from this point of view
After it rained, it became much cooler
Fall is finally right here, in Japan. [I'm not sure about that comma, but I think it would go there
We all wished fall would come soon during the very hot summer
We welcome this fall very much
Do you have any plans to enjoy this fall
My wife and son will go for a sightseeing in Nara today
I hope they can have a lot of fun on this trip
I am wondering if I should buy a pair of boots
I love it them, but my feet felt the boots feel a little small and tight
I want bigger ones
Because of the strong yen these days, I can take advantage of directly importing a pair of boots
Even with the shipping cost, I can get one at a lower cost from the US by importing directly than buying them in Japan
I am planing planning to buy a new pair of boots at from the eBay shop
I was shivering and almost did not sweat
Maybe I am."
I sent an email and received the reply
I sent this email to the Singapore Economic Development Board's Tokyo Office
And I received the reply for it yesterday
It said that we could visit the Tokyo Office and talk about the visit in some institutes in Singapore
It is getting easier(?) to visit Singapore
I feel happy about it
Losing weight
My weight was 65.4 kilograms after dinner yesterday
I think I am losing weight at a good rate
My goal is 63 kilos
By running more and dieting, I will lose weight
I think it is important to take it easy and not to rush for it
My son will be taking the entrance examination for the his first choice university of his first choice tomorrow and the day after tomorrow
He is not very nervous now. (You could say \"yet\" instead of \"now\". Either works
He seems positively excited. (This sounds more natural
He has been enjoying studying all kinds of subjects at his own pace, which makes me happy. (I combined this with the next sentence
I am glad that
Am I more nervous than he is? (You could also say \"Am I more nervous than him
It was a half-marathon held at very hilly course near Mt
For the 1st half, the approximately 10km straight uphills, and the 2nd half, the 10km straight downhills, knocked me out
Both my legs and whole body screamed
I forced myself not to stop or walk along the way, and to keep my mind strong
I hung in there
I could finish the tough race done
Anyway, I felt good with the nice weather, the nice tough course, and my nice spirit
After a long-awaited rain
After a long-awaited rain, which was not heavy, I felt it getting more humid and colder
Even though spring has come on the calendar in Japan, but it is still cold every day
On the other hand, from the middle of February Your month abbreviations are correct, but they are not normally used to write a journal
to the middle of March
some snow falls here in the Kanagawa and Tokyo areas every year
We don't get any snow throughout the winter, but we do get some at the beginning of spring
I picked up some dis unused articles around my desk and got rid of the unwanted things
I decide to throw out some magazines, books, CDs, clothes and things like that
Some of them are going to be brought to a recycle shop
I wonder if I should list some of them on an online auction
I wonder if someone wants my garbage things."
I left significant documents and notebooks that I needed to reference for today's job in my office
I was in a hurry at my office last night because the lock-out time was very close
I had to bring them back home to take them to another office today
I felt like I was not standing straight on foot
I was not a dizzy, but just had a strange feeling as if I got was drunk or after had a sleepless night
I am sure I am suffering from some (sort of) summer fatigue or something like that
I think I must take care of myself and must take get some good rests
To drink enough water and take salt so as not to get a heat stroke
Anyway, this summer will go finish soon. Using \"finish\" is more natural
It will not be longer until before it will be cooler
This is only a few weeks of patience
I will relax myself during this weekend."
After the long over time last night
I ran back home from work around midnight yesterday, no it was already today
After a long over time, I enjoyed a refreshed run in the silent and dark at midnight
I worked until so late to make a resume for a meeting for early the next morning with the president, co-president of my lab, the president and the co-president of another lab
I completed the resume at about twenty to midnight
But I had some snacks in the afternoon, so I didn't feel very hungry 
Well, It is time to go to the meeting
I had better not yawn there
I will probably have no time to yawn
The mountains look like they are on fire
The mountains are turning yellow and are covered with cedar pollen, They look like they are on fire
They are flying through the air and will attack us
The hayfever medicine makes me oversleep
They are so close, and 
They get along very well
Which phrase is adequate?The two sentences are cause and result related. You can use both together or just either of them. Either way is fine
At the dinner, the night before my son's entrance examination, his sister gave him a piece of her pork cutlets
She likes cutlets, so we asked her \"Are you full enough?\" She smiled and said \"This is the \"CUTLET\", eh
She wished for his success on his exam, so she gave it to him
The sound of \"cutlet\" and \"Katsu\", which means \"win\" , are the same and saying \"Ton-katsu tabete uma-katta\", is very popular
But literally it means \"I ate pork cutlets
It was delicious.\", but it can also mean \"A horse ate pork cutlets and won.\" \"Uma\" means horse
What nice siblings they are
I am happy because my very nice and close family is so full of family love."
Last night I received the divers' watch that I bought on eBay
It is a mid size automatic watch that was made about 20 years ago
I fell in love with it at first sight
It is heavier than usual quartz watches, because it is an automatic mechanical  type that is made for heavy duty use. \"Quartz\" is the crystal that they use for watches and clocks. \"Quarts\" is the plural of the unit of measurement \"quart
It doesn't require any batteries
It is economical, isn't it?."
My kids was are back from their short trip
This wasis a story fromsome days ago. My two children, a son and a daughter,  went on a short trip to Fukuoka induring their spring holidays
They went to Haneda Airport by train and to Hakata International Airport in Fukuoka by air, alone by themselves
My brother lives in Fukuoka with his family, including two of my nephews
There are two of my two nephews
TheMy nephews also loved to meet and play with them
My children loved the castle very much and sent me its photo via cell phone email of the cell phone
But, of course, the lie cannot hurt others, it's only meant as light-hearted fun
I think it's meant for us to enjoy the humour in life and not be so serious
It is not good to tell lies everyday, so on one day a year we can tell one little, innocent lie
It seems difficult for me to tell a happy lie. or It doesn't seem to be easy for me to tell a happy lie
I wonder if I don't have a sense of humor
What funny or happy lies have you told before on April Fool’s day
In the summer, we have a lot of fireworks festivals in Japan
We Japanese love to go out and watching firework shows while wearing them in Yukatas, which are the traditional summer clothes of Japan
Yukatas are a kind of Kimonos. 
Women and girls (like to\/tend to) go out with wearing Yukatas in\/during summer, nowadays, for example, to go summer festivals or something like that
Men and boys rarely go out in Yukatas
Where We men wear the Yuaktas mostly are probably at when at a Japanese style inns, after taking a bath in\/after bathing in a hot spring
So we were lucky enough to can luckily enjoy watching it just outside our house, we didn't have to need to take a trains or anything
The only thing we are sorry about is we can't enjoy wearing a Yukatas, because neighbors and us don't usually wear Yukatas when we are near around our houses to watch fireworks
If you communicate with someone, you share and exchange informations with them
The I think mutual communication is much better than the one-way communication, I think
Mutual communications would bring us many worth- things such as mutual understanding, happy feelings, smiles, love, new ideas, and something better like that than one-way communication do. (Things you could not get through one-way communication
If you want to make a mutual communication mutually communicate with someone, you can start by saying hello with warm smile to them at first
On this site lang8, to writing an entry, making a correction or leaving a comment, on it, and replying to a comment or leaving back another correction on their entry is a kind of great mutual communication
I did not reply to all of your corrections and comments on lang8
I always appreciate it."
Three cold days and four warm ones
These days, a cold day is followed by a warm one which is then followed by the next cold one
We have a four-kanji-character-expression \"三寒四温（さんかんしおん）\", which means three cold days and four warm days
When Spring is approaching, it gets warmer with the cycle of three cold days followed by four warm days
Especially in this Spring, the cycle seems to me to consist of a single cold day and a single warm one
I wonder what clothes I should wear everyday
Even if I fall asleep, I wake up one or two hours later
My sleep seems like very light
Of course, I feel sleepy in the daytime, especially after lunch
Do you have any good ideas?"
First workday in 2010
Today January the 5th is the first workday in 2010 for of my company
I hope I will be able to do a many good jobs this year too
Even though your sentence seems correct, the sentence structure is something a Japanese native may say. I think you should use this alternative as an example how to properly set up a sentence.Ex: Even though the recent recession has hit us hard, we should try and work harder so we can recover our economy this year. (Hopefully this year
OK, It's just a time to make get ready for going for my job
Good luck for everyone
Are there some troubles on Lang-8
I could not log into Lang-8 this morning
Are there some troubles on Lang-8
I got able to log in around 5 pm
Many friends of mine make kind corrections and comments on my journals every day
Luckily, I could come back here and hope this service will be available for a long time."
I only managed to fixed it by only rebooting the ADSL modem, the rooter and PCs
I am the only one in my family who can fix the trouble problems like that
I wonder I have to if I should teach my family how to reboot them
We have a marathon today
Many participate
I am one of the volunteers organizing it
We've been preparing for several months
We set the race site and course all day yesterday
I am in charge of the site as one of the chief staff today
I hope we will able to organize it well and also help the participants enjoy the race very much."
I signed up to Facebook, which is a social networking site. (I haven't seen this abbreviation being used in England - that's not to say it's wrong though, it's just unusual
However I didn't use it very much in the past because I didn't have friends using the service
It is getting popular now in Japan due to the movie about a SNS social networking sites
Several old friends of mine signed up to Facebook recently and found me, and sent me messages
A very long time has \/ had passed since the last time we met actually
I think the progress of the information communication technology is amazing
My wife and I enjoy the pot gardening
The tomatoes are species of small fruits and the bell peppers are of red and yellow fruits
In This summer, we have harvested many tomato fruits from the tomato plants
The tomato plants have grown surprisingly fast and fruited a lot of tomatoes
They are very fresh, concentrated and delicious. ここには「Concentrated」訳すと、一番似ている意味は「濃い」という意味・・・ちょっと違いますね。
We enjoyed them at breakfast almost everyday
They are also very fresh, thick and will surely be delicious
There was a news yesterday
We have been studying about some research and development strategies since last spring
I was surprised to have found that one of the members was an alumni of my high school
He was an alumni who was 4 years my senior 
I found out about it yesterday
It is very rare to meet my alumni here in Kanagawa, or Tokyo, which are in the Kanto area, because my high school is in Hiroshima
I worked until around midnight last night
Unfortunately, it started raining in the late evening, 
so I had to run back home around midnight via\/by the short route straight in the rain with my umbrella
But it is not easy to run with an umbrella."
She wanted to do some exercises because she finished her regular high school exam. of her high school
We went into the night neighbor for jogging. ?? with your neighbor...? I don't understand
We enjoyed it very much
The cool and pleasant breeze felt very good."
It was my son
On the last train he missed the station nearest to our home, because he fell asleep
He sometimes does this
His midnight call from the end of the line woke me up and I drove the car to pick him up
It takes only fifteen minutes to get to the terminal station
They were a little too much, even for me
Do you know the acronym \"LSD\"?(LSD is also known as an infamous and illegal hallucinogenic drug in the west =O haha
I ran the day before yesterday for about 4 and a half hours
I don't think I ran at a slow enough pace for LSD
It should be called LD without the \"S
Anyway, I ran
That was including the practice run for the ekiden relay race on next Sunday; my part will be a 4.8km downhill. Also, on the way of my so called LSD, I visited a temple at somewhat deep in the mountains to thank for the good results on our son and daughter's entrance exam. 
I planned not to get too tired for the 10k race tomorrow(?) by running at an easy pace
This should be connected to the previous sentence: I planned not to get too tired for the 10k race tomorrow(?) by running at an easy pace, but I underestimated the inclines of going up and down the hills
I was exhausted
We had soccer games today
We come together to play soccer only once a year for this activity
But we enjoy playing soccer with each other because we had graduated from the same high school and had played at the same playground long time ago
I am have been looking forward to this event for a long time very much
I am worried about the weather, but it seems like we don't won't have rain today, at least before noon
It is a rather new holiday and was established in 1996
It is celebrated on the third Monday in July
This is a party for the alumni who graduated from a high school in Hiroshima, held in Tokyo
Hiroshima is not very close to Tokyo, but many alumni are living in the Tokyo metropolitan area
We have alumni parties twice a year, which are held in the spring and fall annually
I am looking forward to going attending the party
But I have a work
I have to leave the office early to go there
I wonder if I can make it. I want to leave the office early before the usual finish time today."
There was an entrance ceremony of at our son's university yesterday
Unfortunately, it was raining and much too much cold for April unfortunately
He looked like being proud
I now have two problems regarding internet shopping
These are some sort of delivery errors, I guess
First, the replacement of a faulty watch which I bought on eBay haven't arrived yet
The replacement seems to have got lost somewhere on the globe. -- if you wanted to emphasise that it could be anywhere, I'd say \"... somewhere in the world
I contacted the seller but.... -- but... what
Finally, there was also coffee, which is ordered through an internet coffee shop I used constantly, seems to have been lost too
What on earth is happening around me
I hope they will be delivered soon."
Are my shoes shrinking or are my feet growing
My shoes may have became tighter or my feet may have swelled up
My toe nails have turned black and I have some blisters on one of my toes and the soles of my feet
Yesterday, I suddenly came up with an idea
It is simple. was a simple way As follows
I removed the insoles from my Mizunos to make it less tight\/to loosen them
Don't you think it is was a good idea
This was my the first run without the insoles
Without insoles, the shoes felt harder but not that bad
My toe had some room in my shoes and it felt more comfortable and was less painful
Mmm, I want a new pair of shoes of bigger size
We were very glad to see him playing and to hear his name on TV
Unfortunately, his team lost after the in extra time of the game unluckily, but they played a very exciting game
I got a new PR on yesterday's marathon! I am not too sure what PR stands for (personal record?) You may want to write out what this means
It was about 4 minutes less than my old one
We could run on a very nice course and in a very good weather conditions
It is written using \"kanji\" and \"hiragana
I will have an endoscope examination today. (A person takes a school exam, but a person has a medical exam
So I called it a day early yesterday because I have to have dinner before 9 PM to take the exam. (You can say PM or p.m
I don't like an endoscope checkups
The endoscope comes into my stomach through my nose
It is even better than through the mouth, but it is still very uncomfortable
But it is still very uncomfortable for us
I picked up the phrase as \"To know is one thing, and to teach is quite another thing.\" I definitely agree with that
I should know Japanese very well because I am a native Japanese speaker\/person
I sometimes find it very difficult to correct Japanese on lang-8er's entries
They are learning Japanese at different levels
My friends always corrects my English very well
A Fulfilling Week Since you're describing your week, you should use the adjective \"fulfilling
I suggest: I felt fulfilled this week
First, I was busy on my the job, where I have a lot of tasks to do. Also possible: First, I was busy with my job, for which I have many tasks to do. 
For example, I had some meetings with (someone at first time), gave a presentation to new employees concerning our section and made some important decisions regarding our research. I'm not quite sure what you mean with \"someone at first time.\" Do you mean \"I had some meetings with certain people for the first time\"? 
It This was because I have the TOEIC test this evening
Furthermore, I am one of the organizers  for the marathon event on this weekend
Do you mean \"We have to prepare something for it
It seems to me that time had\/has been running faster than usual
This fulfilling week really flew by."
Niigata is located by the Sea of Japan side of islands
I saw a lot of piled snow there
It seems hard to spend here in a winter with such an amount lot of snow
It had not been snowing in Niigata, but it snowed a lot in Tokyo yesterday evening, as the super express train back to home was delayed by the snow
We rarely have so much snow in the Tokyo area, so we are not used to this weather much snow
Therefore such snow make somewhat affects on our life, such as the train delays, for example."
The entry phone of our house rang, but no one was at the door
It has happened twice this week
Were they playing ding dong ditch
Otherwise was it something supernatural
In the Summer time, we say we may have some spiritual things lurking around
They must not be supernatural or spiritual things
I believe the entry phone rang accidentally because of some kind of electromagnetic noises
Hoping for world peace
On this day in 1945, one of the most historic disasters happened
Even today, some people are still suffering from the serious aftereffects
The house which I lived in and my parents have been living in was also exposed and very little is still left due to the blast
I hope for world peace
Let's pray for the world peace
We must do what we can do for it
And a Happy New Year 
a little bit faster too early 
Have you ever heard (of) the word \"Syu-Ha-Ri
At the beginning of studying something, we need to keep to the teaching of our seniors
At the next step, we break the principle and make some alterations to it. (I changed this because \"principle\" is singular but \"them\" is plural. You could also say \".. we break the principles and make some alterations to them
It is good to learn \/for learning
Next, we separate from the teaching (altogether) and make our own way on the things
I'll keep it in my mind, and I intend to do it."
The wireless LAN in my house seemed to have some troubles
I checked the preferences and the connection setups, but I couldn't fix it
I bought a new wireless receiver and set it to my PC, but the wireless LAN was still unstable, so I even bought a new wireless LAN router to set it
It became very comfortable again. A bit strange to use \"comfortable\". This implies that before, it was \"uncomfortable\" because you could not use the wireless LAN. Maybe it is best to say \"It became usable again
I ran a race today in the showering rain, but it was not very cold
In the showering rain, but it was not very cold, so I enjoyed running on the wet road
Sometimes I stepped into pods, so my shoes got soaked and they became heavier
Anyways, the rain race I ran was very fun
We walked through an old abandoned tunnel, where we didn't know exactly know where we were
In the tunnel, we felt something was standing behind us, but we could not turn around because we were afraid
I think it was something spiritual thing."
Cleaning up our house(家の大掃除）
Yesterday, my wife and I cleaned up our house.（昨日、私和妻と家の大掃除をしました。）
It is a yearly year-end cleaning, as to say \"年末大掃除\".（今日は大晦日だから年末大掃除と言う。）
Cleaned up rooms, removed dusts, wiped windows, vacuum cleaned, threw some unneeded goods and books, washed screen doors, and so on, thoroughly.（部屋の掃除、塵を取り除いて、窓を拭いて、使ってないところも掃除して、いらない物と本を捨てて、スクリーンも洗って、徹底的に掃除しました。
At the very least, we cleaned more rigorously than usual
The weather was mild that we had fun cleaning and were a bit exhausted
Thanks for the get-well messages
I don't have any words to say thank you. Or: \"I don't have the words to thank you
I think I can run right now, but it's raining outdoors, unfortunately
I don't want to run in the rain when I've while only just recovered from the sickness
I sometimes poured water over my head to cool my body off
I was fatigued but enjoyed it very much."
I ate too much during this winter
Before I realized it, I gained some weight
I ran a lot, but I ate more than my body needed for running
I should have checked my weight every day
I have to lose about 3 kilograms by dieting
It's crazy hot these days, even though (or although) fall began already started based on the calendar
We should be careful not to get dehydrated and not to get a heat stroke
The air conditioner in my bedroom has been out of order and unfortunately, it only blows only hot wind
It is 15 years old, so I ordered a new one
The new unit will arrive next week
We have the our office X'mas party tomorrow
It is held at the end of every year
We have an R&D conference before the party
We will have discussions about our R&D themes with others using posters that afternoon. 
I ran two races in a roll, a 10km race on Saturday and a 1\/2 marathon on Sunday 
This is one of a series of monthly marathons held on every second Saturday
It is because I have a half marathon the next day
It is named after Sontoku Ninomiya who is known in Japanese history as one of the great people who contributed to agricultural revolutions in Japan about 300 years ago
It was a beautiful sunny day, So I felt great while running
But my competitive personality didn't let me keep running slowly after other runners
Less smile but more serious look on my face
maybe
This was equal to my own record at this marathon
I was totally exhausted by these two races on two consecutive days
I had a meeting with the director of laboratory, who is my main boss,  alone yesterday
The meeting was held before the start of the business day
It was because he was busy all day except during that time.(This sounds more natural
That was the first time we talked alone without my immediate boss, so I was somewhat nervous before the meeting
We had a very fruitful discussion about my project. "
I will introduce you to my room where I am now studying
It is 3.5min width and 2.6m in depth and has 6 tatamis as a floor
There is a low table at in a corner, originally for using as the center table at a Japanese style living room, which I use for as my studying desk
There are is a pile of books stacking stacked on it
There This is my space
But there this is not my own, not only for me
There It is shared among my family, of course
Sometimes my son used uses my laptop there to study for his entrance exam
He will surely probably use his own and not use my one mine hereafter.Hereafter could also be said as \"from now on
His younger sister will sometimes use mine from now and then on for her studying
Well, anyway, I me and my family use the corner of the Japanese style room for studying
I think to I'll call it quits this time
Last episode of a TV drama
I watched the last episode of a TV drama, after watching the second to last episode as well
I would like to say it was really fun, but unfortunately, as always, it was not as fun as expected
I think it is very difficult to make a story very interesting from beginning to end
If it starts out very interesting, we expect it will be interesting until the end
The more we expect, the bigger the gap between the expectation and the reality will be
Anyway, I enjoyed the drama very much."
If I scratch more, I will feel itchier
It seems that I was bite by mosquitoes here and there on different places on my body
On my arms, legs, back, and so on
The bites feel very itchy
Even if they feel itchy, we should not scratch them
They will get itchier and itchier if we scratch there
Mosquito populations are increasing from now towards till the late summer
For about a week, it has not been very hot
Has the hot summer already ended
It's good for us, so we can reduce our electricity consumption
It may not be a good influences on some leisure industries as well
to where
It was freezing cold this morning under a cold wave (It is unclear what you mean by 'under a cold wave
The surface of the paved road surface felt harder than usual under my shoes than usual
My hands were so cold that I could not write nor type well
Morning glow was very beautiful because of the clear air."
We are now developing the new products and new enterprises for our company
We get both good experimental data and not so good data everyday
We also get some market informations from the marketing section
We do have good days with a lot of progresses and also not very good days without progresses, with some troubles instead
Anyway, we are progressing step by step, day by day, and will achieve the goal to produce new products for the market."
The weather forecast said the rainy season was ended in Japan yesterday. It is just a mid summer now
It is very shiny bright, sunny and dizzily hot today
Please take care not to get dehydrated or not to suffer from heat stroke
You had It's probably better not to be exposed to the sun shine and heat for a very long time
Enough water and electrolytes will help prevent you suffering from the heat attack
Take good care and enjoy summer as well much as possible."
A Big Earthquake. Are You OK? 
A big earthquake struck Japan
It was the biggest earthquake to hit Japan in 150 years
and the 5th largest in the world
A 10 meter height tsunami attacked the shore near the ground zero
Fortunately, my family and I are OK. 
I came back home around midnight after (doing) a lot of overtime last night
Yesterday, we ran a \"mara-nic,\" which means a MARAthon distance picNIC, yesterday
We started from at Odawara, climbed Hakone, and then headed to Mishima
It was very hot at the sea level, but somewhat cooler and more comfortable at the higher elevation levels
We enjoyed this crazy, tough running
There seemed to be some trouble with lang-8
Perhaps, a lot of users visited all at once, so the system might have hung up
Or some maintenances are being made
Do you have any ideas about this
In Japan, there is a word called\"nomi-nication
They coined this phrase by adding \"nomi\" to \"communication
we should make more communication with others with the help of some alcohol
In these days they say that we Japanese make less communications with others, especially with colleagues or business partners, than we used to before
I used to go for a drink with my colleagues, often including my boss, every weekend about ten years ago
But recently, we haven't
We go with close friends, but rarely with colleagues or bosses
Less communications causes poor relationships
Even the boss's frowning face may seem cute,  charming, handsome, or something like that,  as you know him more
So, I am planning a small dinner party with my working group by\/at the end of January
It was the coldest day of this winter, yesterday
And the weather forecast says it will be even colder today than it was yesterday
The road is somewhere frozen and icy, and very slippery especially in the morning
We should take care not to slip or to fall down
I wish spring will come soon."
I have just gotten though out from three year days of my three years of \"Yakudoshi
The method of measurement way is called \"Kazoe-toshi
This time my Yakudoshi is from the ages of 41 to 43, from Mae-yaku to Ato-yaku
It finished the day before yesterday, which was my 43rd birthday
I didn't experience any misfortunes or illnesses during my Yaku-doshi years
This is a Japanese belief that people at the ages of yakudoshi are likely to experience misfortunes or illnesses
Second, as a husband, I was not a very good husband
I love you. (可愛い！＾＾；
Next, as a runner, I enjoy running
I ran for more than 2000 miles of total distance this year.I ran a total distance of more than 2000 miles this year
I should have done more exercises practice with the balls
As an engineer, I haven't changed my much
It was an ordinary year as usual
We have something good and something not as good this year
Anyway, we laughed and smiled happily very many times
I have a summer vacation for a week starting from tomorrow
Unfortunately my wife will not have any days off next week, so we can't go on a trip to somewhere very far away
We are planning to go for a day trip near here by taking to the Hakone mountain railroad
We will enjoy taking the switch-back style train of the and seeing the beautiful scenery
In the rest days, I will enjoy taking a rest while doing something for myself. For example, reading books, cleaning rooms, gardening, jogging, etc
Maybe my summer vacation will fly by
Well, I wonder what I will do during it."
We had a welcome party for me yesterday night. [You could also say, \"last night
I had moved to another department in my office on April 16th
My new coworkers held the party to welcome me. 
Younger coworkers are in the new department, so the party was more cheerful the party was than my old department
We had many delicious meals
There was a unique menu item at the bar. 
It was deep fried gingers
Have you ever eaten this
I ate this for the first time
It was more delicious more than expected
We had a couple of very happy times at the bar while chatting casually since we had known each other with most of my new coworkers for some time
I was very happy to be welcomed and felt grateful for them."
Rainy Race
I'm taking part in a half marathon today
I will be running near Mt. Fuji
Fuji to run the race
It is raining here right now, but
I don't know if it will rain at the race venue
Well, However, I will be used to the new one soon
The highest temperature of the day is around 35 degrees Celsius everyday
It is dizzyingly hot
In the city, there is a heat island phenomena
A hot wind is blowing instead of the cozy cool wind."
Have you ever felt a loss of motivation after completing a big goal
It is weird that I don't think I can keep my motivation high after completing my goal of running my first ultra marathon two weeks ago. (Original sentence was a little awkward, so I've simplified it
I don't want to run as much as before
Perhaps I might have burnt-out or something like that
Have you ever felt yourself like this yourself
I have read a similar story in a book by Haruki Murakami
It might be because of the physical fatigue, including the visceral fatigue
The instinct (I don' think \"The instinct\" is appropriate here) This might force me to take a rest so my whole body can recover
Anyway, It was a very interesting experience. (If you are referring to the ultra-marathon was should be used. If you are referring to the experience of losing your motivation, continue to use is
I enjoy(ed) it. (Same note as above
I will take a good rest for some time so my body can recover and so that I can enjoy myself running again."
There is just a month left till (until) the end of this year
Time actually does fly
But they are no trouble, as they are planned for the purpose of saving electricity
We are Japanese, and Japan will recover soon
We live an almost normal life, except for the disaster area, the blackouts and suspension of trains in the northern half of Japan
We are proud of our strong spirit even in such a serious conditions
We have been strong so far, and we will remain strong for the future
We very much appreciate the support, charity and prayers you all have sent, and continue to send to Japan
We don't have enough words to thank you
So we enjoyed the reunion party by remembering and talking about good memories from those happy days
We all got older, but our friendship will have been always remain fresh and never fade away. 
We had a work last Saturday, so we have a rest day today in its place
To tell you the truth, some of the power cuts were canceled by reducing electricity consumption
I think we will have them until  at least the spring or the summer
We will have an irregular and stressful life cycle for a while to help Japan recover quickly
What we can do ourselves right now by each of is what we have to do right now for immediate to help Japan recover.."
Our company's president recently showed a new globalization plan for the employees
It was said that it would make us more global
We must study foreign languages, especially English, and get a business mind of the world's competition level
It was shown that we must take the TOEIC test and score more than 600 for a promotion
April Fools
Yesterday was April Fools' Day
Anyway, I still live honestly
What I mentioned above is not a lie, I am sure. "
It is a running event of 42.195km; long and easy run and to see some scenery
I have one today, but, unfortunately, it is now raining now, unfortunately
Take extra care for the road safety. 
On the way home, I was nearly run over by a car yesterday evening
I run to work and run back home from work almost everyday. (jog
In Yesterday evening, at a T-junction with a good view, not blind, I was running down straight along the road at an easy pace, A car approaching to the junction from left path ran though a stop sign at the junction intersection and nearly ran over me
I glared angrily at the female driver and went away to keep jogging who kept driving as if nothing had happened
She could not see me running because she was in a hurry to go back home for preparation of to prepare dinner or something, I don't know
At dusk, we can not see very well in getting as it gets darker outside
So we must take extra care when driving, walking and running outside to keep ourselves from being in getting into traffic accidents
I commute by train on rainy days
It takes more time than running to work on sunny days
I take two trains to my office, so I have to lose some time to change trains
While running to work, I listen to music with on my iPod; on the other hand, while taking the train, I read some books
I will go for it
I came back home late at night again yesterday. Yesterday, I came back home late at night again
I have a lot of problems to solve at work which happened in line, one after another
I believe it is a good chance for me to mature
Well I will charge myself up to solve the problems
The team belongs to the Kanagawa prefecture amateur senior soccer league
At the senior league, only players aged above 40 can play
At the annual meeting, we discussed last year's activities, including the game results and the budget and made plans for the coming year, while talking about old and new staff, ways of management, game tactics and so on
The meeting was held in a party room at an Izakaya for about an hour with no drinking. It was surprising for us
It was a very worthwhile meeting
And thereafter, we started partying and drank. 
It was great fun
We drank very much and enjoyed talking about our soccer and also something else
I wonder why athletes drink so much
At least many athletes whom I know of, do so."
I love electric fans in the summer season very much
I don't like the cold air from air conditioners very much
Electric fans blow us a nice breeze with more natural air
Electric fans are more comfortable than air conditioners, in my opinion
Of course, I have one turned on by my side right now
It is cloudy and is about to start raining
It's the rainy season in Japan
Electric fans do a great job and play great roles in this season and coming summer
However, the rainy season here in Kanagawa, Japan will be end finished in a few days
I think it will (end\/be) the next week
I love summer of course, but in this summer I am worrying about the electricity saving saving electricity
Less light is rather good, but less air conditioner conditioning is not good especially for weak people, for example, the old, the baby and the sick."
It's said that the good fortune will be gone if you speak
I spent time watching some dramas and movies recorded on the HDD recorder
I watched \"500 days of summer\" and \"Solanine\" which is a Japanese movie, and some other stuff, too. [←Casual expression. Here, it seems more natural
I had my hair cut after about two months, too. [あぁ、\"Besides\"=ネガティブな感じです。「Besides that,...」= neutral. Here,「Too・も」is better. 
I did not do any housework and refreshed myself by thoroughly lazy resting
I've probably completely refreshed myself now
These days, I have been returfing the lawn in the garden. Repairing is okay as well, however \"returfing\" is more exact because it specifically means applying new turf to the ground
It was a kind of cooler climate lawn for the autumn and winter seasons
I have been repairing it \/ returfing it with another kind of hotter climate lawn for the summer season
It grows much faster in this hot summer
I shall tell you how I repaired the lawn
Well, now I will get started
First, cut about 5 cm off the summer-kind blades, and second, put them into holes dug in the garden. (We usually say \"a blade of grass\" and not \"a straw of grass
And then, water the grass every afternoon
Several days later, almost all the blades will take root and grow
There's no need to pay more money
Why don't you try it? Or: Why don't you try also?"
It is a kind of fire festival to worship travelers' guardian deities which are called 'Doso-jin
It is held here and there in rural areas of Japan on the little New Year (January 15th or during 14th and 16th by the lunar calendar). -- \"little New Year\"? I haven't heard of that
We burn ”Kadomatsu” which are decorative pine branches; \"Shimekazari\" which is a sacred Shinto rope adorned with festoons, and \"Kakizome\" which are writings on paper for the New Year and so on, at the central fire. -- \"festoons\" isn't commonly used, and I would probably just use \"decorations\", although it's fine as-is. You can't use \"calligraphies\" as that's just writing and it doesn't make a plural, so I looked up \"Kakizome\" (interesting about how high the paper flies when you burn it, by the way
It is said that we can avoid disease if we eat rice cakes baked in the fire, and we can improve calligraphy skill if the fire rises high
Three consecutive days off in a row
Tomorrow is a national holiday in Japan. We call this holiday, Coming of Age Day. There is not really anything wrong with what you wrote but I made some changes to try to make it flow better and to make it more native-sounding
So we have three consecutive days off in a row. (consecutive = in a row
I am enjoying the days off rest days just after the beginning of the new year
I can't wait it
Difficulty of making timely corrections on journals
I think it is difficult to make corrections on others' journals in a timely manner
I want to make corrections and comments on journals to help others in their study of languages and (also) to make friends
Whenever I want to do so, someone has already made corrections on them
I don't think it is good to make the same corrections again, so I am sorry but I cannot make additional corrections
It's almost like a kind of competition
It is surely difficult to make an original and timely correction on someone's journal
Have you ever felt these difficulties as I have
It is based on the novel originally written by Kanae Minato
It's a revenge story about a junior high school teacher whose daughter was killed by his pupils
The story consists mainly of the confessions of some characters. (\"Consists mainly of...\" is the usual word order
She, who is a teacher, a mother and an avenger, plots revenge on the killers in a terrible, psychological way. (I don't think \"revenger\" is that common of a word. People usually use \"avenger
It was a horrible, unhappy story
No one came out happy, not even the avenger mother and the revenged killers (upon whom revenge was sought
One killer, who is a junior high school student, has his own story of why he killed a little girl
The other killer, who is a classmate of him, has another story
I don't recommend the movie to everyone \/ all peoples, especially not to parents who have school kids
However, it may make you wonder about whether or not the school life of your kids is okay. (I'm not quite sure if this is what you meant
You say that it was non-fiction, but add the words \"It was only a non-fiction story\", so I'm a bit confused as to whether you meant that it was actually a fictional story?? 
I hope a story like this one will not happen in the real world
Nevertheless, I enjoyed the movie
Do you like movies of this kind?"
It was an excellent weather for running a marathon
Fuji which is now capped with snow, and the other mountains coloured various colours of the fall leaves. In Canada, England, Australia (and other Commonwealth countries), \"colours\" is spelt with a \"u\". However, the way you have it is also correct (American English
The 1st half of this race, I ran far but too fast
This caused me to slow speed down for the 2nd half
I got a stomach muscle spasm around the 25th kilometre
It was a little painful to run
I think it was the toughest one this year
What are you planning to do in this weekend
I will run a half marathon on the Fuji International Speedway on Sunday
I will run 4 and half laps at around the track but needless to say, I will be moving much more slowly than a racing car! entire course on the speedway. I added your next sentence here in order to avoid starting a new sentence with 'but
but needless to say, I will be moving much slower than a race ing car. needless to say
Congratulations to Spain
Spain beat Netherlands 1-0 in extra time
It was a very exciting game filled with many amazing plays at the highest of global level
I am looking forward to the next one even though the current one has only just finished."
I make it a rule to do some routines during the new year's holidays
On the first day, I ran to the top of a mountain nearby to see the first sunrise with friends
Then, I walked up to the temple to wish for a nice year with my family
On the second day, we visited my wife's parents for New Year's greeting
And we went to cheer at the Hakone Ekiden Relay Race
We also went to watch the High School Soccer Championship games at the stadium. Using \"and then\" is very repetitive
And then, we went shopping at Yokohama midtown
On the third day, I ran to cheer the Hakone Race again, but this time, alone
I have somewhat busy holidays
Note\/Write everything down in notebooks\/in a notebook
We always think of many things of various kinds various things. It is just simpler to use \"various things\" or \"many things
Coming up with good ideas, having a brainstorm alone brainstorming, thinking of a right words or phrases, and so on. I would try to fuse this sentence with the previous one. Example: We always think of various things such as coming up with good ideas, brainstorming or thinking of a the right word or phrase. To be honest, I would leave \"brainstorming\" out also because the activity of brainstorming is precisely thinking about ideas (making this a bit repetitious
And, iIt's a pity that we cannot keep all of them in our mind or that we cannot remember what good ideas we think thought up a just a while ago. Also possible: \"... what good ideas we came up with just a while ago
We would forget most things because our brains don't have infinite capacities to remember everything. Also possible: We forget most things because our brain doesn't have the infinite capacity to remember everything
Yes, it probably is. Or, at least for me, it certainly is
Don't you think it is would be good if we could remember every good ideas we had thought of? Also possible: Don't you think it would be good if we could remember every good idea we ever thought of
What should we do for to attain that? Or: How can we accomplish that
What we should do for that is to note everything down on notebooks
Bringing a notebook with us anytime anywhere at all times, we can note down anything you we see, hear and feel, and . We can also note down good ideas, even not good ideas bad ones - everything. Also possible: We can also note down ideas, good or not - in essence we can note down everything. 
Fortunately, notebooks are not so (can also replace \"so\" with \"very\") expensive, easy to get at stationary shops, convenience stores, and so on
 By itself, I don't really understand this sentence. However, I think that you have already conveyed the meaning of this phrase in the next two sentences
When we fill up a notebook, we can just use the next a new one
We can write everything on them and then we can forget everything we had noted down
That is a good idea, don't you think so?"
It is not easy to keep high concentration during the long time. OK. other optional phrases: to keep concentrated \/ to stay concentrated \/ to stay focused."
Half marathon run
I am going to run in a marathon race today
It is called \"Fuji Marathon Festa
There are many races in the \"Festa\". [what is a festa? a festival
I will take part in the half marathon race
I think I will enjoy it
I'm not ready to go out yet
I have to get ready now
I will tell you about the race later
It was nominated for an Oscar
Aliens have come to Earth and their spaceship is stranded above Johannesberg
The aliens were caught and isolated into District 9
One day, they forced moved from District 9 to another district
The person in charge of the alien transfer is not a soldier, but only a minor officer. (Technically he's a goverment office worker
He began to transfer the aliens from District 9 to another district
And then something bad happened to him
The rest is omitted so as not to reveal whole story
I enjoyed watching it
It was interesting
But I don't recommend you see it
It is not a happy movie and not for young children because of foul language. 
It has a variety of features; aliens, actions, splatter, robots, friendships, and so on
But unless you like these types of movies, I don't recommend you see it
Now opening is the sweetfish season
You can also use: They come from faraway early in the morning
This river is famous for sweetfish fishing
They fish by using a decoy in the center of the river and with the water at waist level with very long fishing rods
I had a bit of trouble understanding your sentence, so I tried correcting according to what I understood: The decoy fish are put into the territory of the targeted sweetfish, so that the targeted sweetfish will attack the decoy and be hooked. 
As much as I know, that is the way of fishing for sweetfish using a decoy
I have never fished for sweetfish with\/using a  decoy
Fishers with their very long rods in the river is a beautiful scenery in\/during the summer."
I went on an early morning run along my usual riverside course before leaving for a business trip
The road was still drying from recent rain and felt a little humid but comfortable
Today I will attend a lecture to get my fire-prevention supervisor license, and will become the new supervisor
I will be the supervisor
At first, I began running to lose weight
I think it's for something like self-development
And I was able to manage to complete it
I got that sense of completion
I was able to get a huge sense of completion
But at the same time, it was weird but I felt some sense of lacking
Many different alumni from 70s seniors to 19 years old new graduates went there
We all felt like we were living in our high school days again
It was Saturday yesterday. (or \"Yesterday was Saturday
Sunday is usually a holiday for my company. This is different in the US and UK. In the US a \"holiday\" is just a specific holiday like Christmas, Labor Day or St. Patrick's Day but not a weekend, vacation, or day off from work. In the UK they will say \"holiday\" to mean vacation or day off
But I had  to go to my office to do some an urgent job
I decided to run to holiday work
I made some a detour along the river and somewhere for about one and a half hours
I ran back home in the midday at noon
One of my daily workout is a strength training
I do this mainly to strengthen my body muscles but also to wake me myself up in the morning
I don't do this too hard
and use no extra weights such as dumbbells
Pushups on the toes for 30 repeats
How What do you think about my training menu 
I would say mine was half empty
I think time flies by fast
I want more time to do more of the things I have to do
Have a good time in your 2nd half
The other semi-final game of the World Cup is now being played by Germany and Spain
I am writing this post during half time
The Spanish team overwhelmed the German team in the first half
Speedy short passes and well-organized team plays were made by the Spanish team
Well, the second half has just begun
Do you think the coach's lucky blue sweater will work for the German team again?"
I saw\/spotted a shooting star this morning
To believe in  yourself. -To believe someone means to believe that what he\/she says is true. To believe in someone means to have confidence in his\/her abilities
To believe in your abilities\/capability... *Capability is not wrong, but is often in a phrase such as: her capability to lead. An ability is something that you can do and have done in the past. Capability usually refers to something that you can learn to do in the future
To believe you can get through the difficulty
To believe you love the people around you
Everyday I wake up early to study
I always get up at four on the weekdays and at five on the weekends
For being like that an early bird, I have to go to bed early at night to have a good sleeps
But unfortunately, I have been very busy at my job these days
I come back home from work around eleven in the at night
I can sleep only no more than five hours a day these days
That is why I am still very sleepy right now
Well, anyways, I have to prepare for a presentation in at the meeting next Tuesday
Whenever at a time like these, some troubles happen to us
We must pull together to get through this difficult situation
OK, all right, I'm awake now
I'll do my best today
Excursion with my son
My son and I took the same train to commute to work yesterday morning
I went to the head office of my company in central Tokyo for a business meeting
My son went to his university after getting off our train
There were not enough seats for both of us. There was only one
The train was getting crowded more and more  as it edged closer to central Tokyo
He got off at Shimokitazawa Station and transferred to his train to school
I also transferred to a different at the next station. The new train headed towards my compay's head office
It was only one event in our schedules that day
They were set in splintsso they don'tnot to fall down by the wind or anything
I am looking forward it growing up, getting blooming and fruiting.I am looking forward to seeing them grow and bloom."
The epicenter was close to the 311's one. I am not sure where \"311\" is. 
Here, the quake also had an intensity of about intensity 3
I don't know of any the damages caused by it
Now we are in the rainy season in Japan according to the calendar
However, we have had no rain after that. since then
Someone Some are glad to have less rain, but others are not glad
I am afraid if that water shortage may be serious in this summer
We will especially have to conserve electricity in this summer
Less electricity, less water, and heat in summer will burden us
The first day of autumn
Yesterday was the first day of the beginning of autumn according to the calendar
The breeze in the early morning and the evening feels cooler little by little, day by day, even if it is still very hot at midday
We can sleep better at the night than a week ago
I feel a little  sad that summer is going
We have a game in the local league
We are sure to be incredible enthusiast of running. We sure are incredible enthusiast of running."
It is rather cool in this morning
Do you have any plans
I will go for on a two-day trip to Kyoto with my family in during the first week on of August
I wonder how long it has been since the our last our family trip
After two days of unexpected, but good rest, I enjoyed this commute run
We can't expect better weather.More colloquially: We couldn't hope for better weather
But the pollen are now attacking me on my nose.rephrased: The pollen is making my nose run
The next time I ran was at lunchtime
I was sorry I ran with my itchy and runny nose, but it was during the excellent warm spring daytime. It is strange to say that you are \"sorry\" unless you are apologizing for something or to someone directly
I didn't want to go back to the office
And the third time I ran was when I ran took a long detour from work back home
Yesterday was the no overtime day at my office
So I left my office out as soon as possible to run to see the cherry blossoms at dusk
We have spent a long time very happily together
It's hard for me to say to my wife that I love her, but I do love her.(Just a bit more natural this way
Some years ago, she completely forgot that today was our anniversary day.(Because you have said 'some years ago', you can then say 'today' and mean 'this day, some years ago
I love that side of her, too
I found two big male Japanese pheasants on the riverbank path on the way to work yesterday
They looked about two feet long from head to tail. (Often when talking about amounts, you include \"long,\" \"tall,\" etc. For example: \"The river is 20 feet wide,\" \"I am 6 feet tall,\" \"He is 60 years old\/young,\" etc
They had beautiful red heads and long tails
There are many kinds of wild birds around the riverbank on which I run as a home course. (? Not sure what you mean by \"home course
Different kinds of herons, geese, and so on; I don't know their names
I enjoy watching them while running."
As you know, a lack of sleep and some alcohol makes one oversleep. 
This was my first time in this year
They are a sign of the early summer in Japan
They can live in clean water, so we have be careful not to pollute rivers in order to protect the fireflies. preserve them
Anyway, another topics, I got some spam friend invitations these days
Do you
During the next weekend, I will run a 24 hour relay race
My first run to my recently moved new office (I would say new instead of \"recently moved\" but yours made sense
I commuted by running to and from the newly located office yesterday
It was the first run my first time running to the new location. (sounds more natural
It is a little shorter than my old run (from my old office) ever
Well, at least it should have been
The former one included a nice riverside cycling road, but the new one consists mainly of streets and sidewalks (urban views) by them
The streets have a lot of cars during the morning commute time, and the sidewalks are too narrow to enjoy running on them (or too narrow for a good run
I also enjoyed seasonal sceneries on how scenic the former riverside cycling road was, and I can't enjoy them scenery on the new route
It is really not so fun\/enjoyable
Especially in the fresh\/early morning
Or I will get used to it
So I should search for better routes asap
I think it will be fun to explore some better routes as well."
Congrats on the advance to the final
The Japanese players played quick and tough throughout the whole game
Their body shapes were smaller than the Swedish players, but they were never inferior in the physical sense
And their shots were highly accurate
It seemed There were no was nowhere to step in his room before yesterday. (You don't have to say \"it seemed\" if you know for a fact there was nowhere to step
He finally decided to clean his room
There is almost nothing remaining on the floor
Where did they go
There are not as many dust bags. Where did they go
It seem like the mess went into the closet, drawers or shelves, probably
I asked myself, how was this holiday
And I reply iIt was very good, of course
I managed to could complete my first 112km ultra marathon, went cycling with my wife, spent much time with my family, read some novels, did some houseworks, and refreshed myself well
The busy days will be back to me.>>Back to the grind
I will fly to Singapore tomorrow for a business trip
Therefore when I heard the good news, I am lucky that the typhoon will have gone by tomorrow, I felt relieved
It sped up faster than forecasted
So the flight for my Singapore trip will be able to fly as usual tomorrow
I hope all goes well."
I've got a secret and it's that I've still got a bit of a hangover right now
At last, The replacement watch arrived to me on Feb.1st
I sent the faulty watch for replacement on last December
That was 3months ago
I sent inquiry emails to him every week, in each of his emails he replied that he had already shipped the replacement , but it had not arrived
But, actually, the shipping date written down on the delivery record sheet is
I forgive him, because the watch is here on my rist now."
Fuji is now capped with snow as like shown in my profile photo
I feel the winter is here just  by seeing it."
I begin began the morning with a banana diet from yesterday to lose weight
I want to lose about 3kg of weight until the for the Arakawa Marathon on March 21th
Just be sure to get enough calories in to stay healthy - if you skip too much, you damage your immune system and leave yourself open to illness
Good food makes you healthy
Another working late (\"Working late again\" or \"Another late work week
I came back home from work around a little past midnight for the last three straight days
I will have to go to work on this weekend
July is coming\/has come
The first half of the year is gone
The second half started right now. (or: The second half starts now
What do you think, is it half full or half empty
To Whom it May Concern at the Singapore Economic Development Board
I am writing you because we would like to study about open innovation in Singapore
We will conduct reseach for about one year, and our goal is to create a similar proposal for Japanese open innovation
We are now learning about open inovation in Europe, US and Asia compared with Japan
We would like to have the chance to go to Singapore to visit some research institutes, 
such as, the Fusionopolis, the Biopolis, A*STAR and some research laboratories of private companies, if we could have the chances
We are planning to visit there in late October or early November
Please let me know when it is convenient for you and where we can meet you
the ZZZZZ Interbusiness Research Institute website is below
Respectfully yours, or \"Sincerely yours
I received an e-mail\/a letter a mail from my friend yesterday
She said her daughter is getting married next March in the mail
It was a very good news and pleased me
I thought it was a coincidence that the two marriages will take place around the same time
By the way, my brother isn't going to marry my friend's daughter.haha, I did wonder :D
Suspicious disallowed goal
That happened yesterday during the game between Germany and England
The ball shot by a striker hit the crossbar and bounced into the goal once and then bounced back outside to the goal keeper
However, the referee didn't see the goal
Referees at the world level seldom make a mistake, but unfortunately, it still happens
It makes things interesting and exciting
Interestingly, in a game in 1966 between the same two countries, the referee disallowed a legitimate goal
This has been called a \"suspicious goal
The play with with the disallowed goal from yesterday's game will be called a \"suspicious non-goal\", from now on,  I think
One of my friends is now trying to run 100 marathons on every single day for 100 days
We, his friends, are supporting for his great challenge
We will organize a marathon races everyday for 100 days
He ran his 85th marathon yesterday
Some very exciting plays were made during the 1st half of the match
These plays were very speedy and powerful
The splendid goals were shot scored by Netherlands
and Uruguay, respectively
Soon the 2nd half will be kicked off."
Masters of marathon's remark \/ comment
Please refer to my journal for information about the mara-nic;  
It was tough, but very enjoyable
The members of the Club have ran marathons for more than 100 times
Don't you think that is awesome
They said they run marathons every weekend
They really are masters of marathon, aren't they
One of the masters said to me yesterday, \"It feels tough to run marathon if you run once in a while, but you could get used to it if you run do it every week.\" The other master agreed and said, \"Yes, sure
You could get used to it as well, like how we all got used to it
Mistake
I got an e-mail
The e-mail said the description for an item I sold in an internet auction was not correct
I said it was made by one manufacturer, but it was actually made by another
It seems that) I have made a mistake. (or: \"(It looks like) I must have made a mistake.\" or \"(If I am to believe that person then) I made a mistake.\" 
I proposed to him that he return it for a refund
I feel some stressed these days
I have to refresh myself [better to say 're-energize'] by doing something different
Do you have any good ideas for refreshing [better to say 'Do you have any good tips to help me feel re-energized
Before anything else, I will enjoy this weekend. (Your original sentence is grammatical but this is more natural
Playing badminton in the gym in the hot summer seemed very tough and probably caused the players, including my daughter, some physical and possibly mental damage. Caused by summer fatigue
We are worrying about her
We started at the Japan National Stadium, ran around Shinjuku then back to the stadium to finish
It was fun and very exciting
Some masquerade runners also participated
Anime characters like Pikachu and Gatcaman, a zebra, a swan, a businessman, a schoolgirl, and so on
They were so funny
The marathon race had been exciting 
I ran a marathon race yesterday. (\"Had\" is not incorrect, it's just that in this case, you can use a verb that is even more precise
I made a mistake in setting the alarm last night
So\/Therefore, I had to rush to the starting site
Without any magic supplements, any nutritious foods nor any warming up and stretching before the start, I started running the race
In the beginning, I ran at an even slow pace, and gradually sped up to an easy chattable pace
A comfortable and beautiful Fall day; I felt very good
After around 35km, both sides of my outer hips felt sore and my body felt heavier
I managed to keep my pace to the last ( ). To the last...? To the last second? \"Last\" here is an adjective, but you need to put a noun to describe it is to the last what
And in the last kilometer, I escorted a visually impaired runner. When using a time or distance expression that is equal to \"1\", it it not necessary to put the \"1\" in front. Eg. The last minute, the last second, the last meter, the last km. People do not usually say, \"the last 1 minute\", \"the last 1 meter\", etc
It was my first time as an escort runner
We have a are having trouble with the wireless LAN at our home
We can't print documents with one PC via the wireless LAN on the printer which is connected wirelessly
With another PC or Mac, we can print documents correctly
So only one certain PC has this problem
I am the administrator of the home network, I have to fix the problem
The problem may be at the level of the network settings of the printer or the PC
I am sure I will be able to fix it."
It was one of the newest model smart phones
It has many features like a computer
And the applications can be got through the internet
It is not only a cell phone but a small mobile computer
I am using an old model cell phone
I got back home from the reception for the Challenge Fuji 5 Lakes Ultra Marathon which is tomorrow. 
I got my number tags, which is #1570. Or simply: My tag is #1570. Or: The tag which I got is #1570
I will have a short sleep and then drive there by at 3 am. Usually, when you use \"by\" for a time expression, it means that we have to be somewhere by a certain time. Eg. \"I have to be at the marathon starting site by 3 am
I am too excited to get go to sleep..."
It is held at in the Shonan area in Kanagawa, Japan
About 20 thousands runners participate in it
I have done that, too
And third, to run a distance of 42.195 km 100 times during the year
Thank you very much for your encouragements!"
I am very sorry to complain at this time
I am not a kind of complainers
Just this once
By the way, it is about my working environment
I don't like it very much; I'll even say I almost can't put up with it
There are many unpleasant noises and smells from my coworkers
My neighbor on the left always makes loud noises chewing his gum
One on my right isconstantly murmuring to himself
The one behind me has a broken computer fan rotating at maximum speed that constantly makes a loud noise. (\"One on my behind\" evokes the image of someone sitting on the backside of your body
And the one next to the onebehind me wears a lot of perfume
It's not such a bad fragrance, but it's far too strong. 
These distractionsprevent me from concentrating on my work at my desk
I work on my computer on my desk, so I can't escape to another place, for example, to a library or a meeting room
I wear earplugs all day long to concentrate on my work
I wonder what I can do to improve my work environment
I am making a plan to either change it or escape from there
How are you going doing in this summer
It's another hot and humid morning here
But it's Sunday. <--Because this starts with \"but,\" it is not a full sentence. It needs to be linked to the sentence before it with a comma
What are your plans for today?"
There are some representative offices of foreign institutes, such as scientific technology research centers
I had a chances to visit some of them in this summer
The day before yesterday, we visited to the representation office of that from Finland
And today, we will visit to the office from Germany
We are studying about R&D and business strategies, so we visit to hear about their strategies of the institutes abroad
We could heard very interesting talk the day before yesterday from Finland
We look forward to visiting Germany's office in Japan today
We can rarely get chances to go to such places
They It seem something like I'm traveling abroad in Japan."
10 days have already passed since December has started
I was sure to get a lot of things done
For example, The 100 straight days of running, a 100km ultramarathon, a 24 hour relay, a transfer at work, the work as a R&D theme leader, and so on
There was also the entrances into the university of my son and into the high school of my daughter
I had Many many things in this year
Well, we Japanese enjoy the year-end party. OR \"Well, we Japanese enjoy enjoy year-end parties
I have several parties to go to this year
I had one for our department yesterday, and have one with my friends today, and one with other members tomorrow
Well, it is the second half of November
We have only about forty days to the end of this year
What were your top ten news
Yesterday was the Father's Day
Did you call your father, if you are living far apart from him
Did you say thanks to him
My daughter bought me a chou a la creme to show with her gratitude
My son showed me his appreciation by saying thanks to me. You can simplify the prepositional phrase to \"by thanking me
I also made a phone call to say thank you to my dad. Technically correct, but awkward. Try \"I also called my dad to thank him
My parents are living in Hiroshima by themselves.alone
He My father seems fine very fine
He said he was glad to have received a phone call from me.be called
I wished his him good health
I sell some unwanted things on internet auctions
It seems that they are wanted by others
Most of them are sold, and priced, for more than expected, luckily
I am busy shipping them
I will buy something from the internet auctions with my profits
I will tell you about a smallthing that happened to me 
We are representative of several companies and  have been gathering discuss business issues approximately once a month since this spring in this fiscal year
After the meeting, we had a dinner and a had  frank talk so we could make friends with each other
When one of the members and I talked about our home town, I found out something surprising
His wife and her sister were the alumnus of my high school and the sister might have been in the same grade as mein school
It was a surprising coincidence
We are now 1000km far away from our home town
and he and I had met only five times or so. *I joined the two sentences with a comma, for a more natural flow
Ifeelthe world might actuallybe rather small."
In Japan, the lunar eclipse can currently be seen in the Western part of the sky
It has been partially eclipsed in the lower left part
Luckily, there are not any clouds near the moon. We can see the eclipse very clearly."
Happy New Year, all
I am going to go out for jogging up to summit of Mt
After the long overnight work
I could have two times of one hour catnaps in a chair
I feel kind of headache or dizzy and have a headache
What does that mean
We don't have like such an expression in Japanese
It sounds like a nice phrase
Can I have any advance  information whether you have any topic or not about the issue for our next meeting 
Do you know of the \"White Day\"?Have you heard of \"White Day
Have you heard it
On Valentine's Day, females give chocolates to males as a symbol of their  love or appreciation. 
And I think it is weird that turned to be obligation these days. how that has turned into an obligation
Honmei-choco\" means \"chocolate of love
Giri-choco\" means \"obligation chocolates
On the \"White Day\", males who luckily received chocolates return their guys who were lucky enough to get chocolates return the favor by giving gifts, and sweets like cookies, candies, etc
even if he received It doesn't matter if he got \"Honmei-choco\" or \"Giri-choco
I'm not sure, but there wasn't the White Day in my childhood but I don't think there was a \"White Day\" when I was young
We Japanese love interesting events or ceremonies like this, so the White Day got popular immediately
As for me
I have received many chocolates from many females, of course, from my wife, daughter, many female friends, and coworkers
I have to give them lots of nice sweets with my love
Since Valentine's Day was on Sunday and due to recent slow economy, a lot less obligation chocolates were sold
By the way, today March 14th is my 43rd birthday
My office moved to another place (location) recently
It is a little farther from my house than the former place\/location
There It's a longer distance from my house, it is by about 4 km, than the former(first) one, it which was about 2.6 km
I am wondering(thinking about) how to I'll commute every day
When I can it is fine, I run to office as like I did before, so that's still good
Otherwise when I can't it is not fine, like when there's the heavy rain or snow for example, which it's better to take the train or (to) walk to the office
Both of them They both take about the same amount of time
I must have to apply for a commuting pass, so I'll have to must decide how I'm going to commute soon
One Day on a Business Trip
I went on a business trip to Shiga
I took the super express Hikari at Odawara, changed to Nozomi at Nagoya, changed to a normal train at Kyoto, and at last, arrived at Katata in Shiga, nearby Biwa Lake, which is the largest lake in Japan
It was rather shorter than expected
I had a business meeting in Katata
It was a nice meeting and we had a nice discussion, but for only two hours
After the meeting, I came back by regression on the above mentioned route
It was a long distanced one day business trip
This year it is October 11th is it
We have many sports festivals. and What are you planning on the three day weekend
It will be nice to go outdoors in the comfortable weather of the fall
I am going to go running about Tokyo, while stopping at some famous sightseeing spots there on Sunday. [More natural 
But unfortunately, I am sorry to say the weather forecast says it may rain.or\"But unfortunately, the weather forecast says it may rain
TheAn extremely long distance race is very exciting, don't you think so
I have been conducting training for it
AtthisAll week, I have been tapering downgradually decreasingmy training intensity in order tofor recovering and conditioning ofmy whole body and let it recover
I have to (remove fatigues from myself) let my body relax\/relieve the fatigue from my body
I need to run a shorter distance at aThe slower pace and, if necessary, rest\/take a break. and shorter distance run I should do
Of course, if necessary, I have to take a good rest
Well, So, for example, during lunchtime yesterday, I intended to run slowly at an easy recovery pace
During my lunchtime run you don't need to repeat this)However, my pace wasI raneven more slowerly than myusual. easy pace for my lunchtime run
I'm really sure that it is I had better to run more slowly for (the sake of)recovery and tapering, but I was so hungry, that I automatically quickened mypace up toand rushed into the cafeteria
I (also) began to prepare outfits and the other stuffs for (it\/the race
I am wondering which outfits I should wear
It will be much colder there early in the morning than here inat my place, but it will be as warm in the daytime as here, and it will be getting colder in the evening again
In any case, it is very exciting. anyway
I mowed the lawn and grass, and cut some branches off some trees. [lawn is grass
Also\/And then, I went to sell some clothes and books at a recycle shop 
I live less than 100km away , so I can see Mt. Fuji almost everyday
It cheers me up every time when I see Mt. Fuji
But, there has been bad news
Ukyo Katayama,  a former  F1 driver now an alpinist, and  his party met with an accident during their climb up Mt. Fuji yesterday
Fuji yesterday
Ukyo has been rescued and luckily alive , but the other two men of his party haven't been found yet
They had climbed the snow-covered Mt. Fuji to train for mountain climbing in the Antarctica
Fuji to training for climbing to mountains in the Antarctica
I hope they can either be found or come back by themselves alive
I am sorry that the camp is not the interesting kind of the with outdoor activities
We are studying about the strategies of Japanese companies and public research institutes compared with foreign ones, with some members from some companies
We visited Singapore to study Singapore's business strategy two weeks ago
Today and tomorrow we will stay one-stay-two-day for two days and one night at a suburban convention center to discuss our proposal
I am a leader of one work group amongst a total of three of all
It is like a significant task as well as my own work at my company. This sentence is a little unclear; what are you trying to say
I received the sash from the runner before me in maybe about 35th position
and I took overtook about 10 runners but I'm not exactly sure
So we came 25th place out of over 240 teams
However, unfortunately, It was cloudy yesterday so we couldn't enjoy the beautiful perspectives scenery while running
I was not in very good physical condition from a recent busy work day, at least not in peak condition for challenging for my previous private record. 
Ttherefore I had decided to run at my fun-run pace
Actually at the race, I ran a bit little faster than the fun-run pace, because my physical and also mental condition got better and better (improved) while running
This was just the FUN-RUN for refreshing ourselves
Appropriate physical exercise at nice duration and nice load road could refresh ourselves, I believe
Anyway, I could enjoyed the fun-run race yesterday. Do not switch from present to past tense
I received the results of the annual health check that I took in June
Spring is on its way. -more natural way of saying this
Daytime is getting longer and longer, and mornings are brighter
I walked on a high, narrow bridge without a railing in the dream
I don't like high places very much
I feel scared in high places
I had to go on the bridge, but it disappeared suddenly just before I stepped on it
Do you have any ideas?"
There are some good ideas to consider for your posts
What could you not continue? --> or \"What couldn't you continue
I have to work overnight again
I had to do it on Tuesday, and again today
It's because we are currently conducting a long term experiment at my lab, so we have to take care of it in rotations
Especially, during this summer heat season, it feels much tougher
But, anyway\/in any case, today is Friday and\/so tomorrow is Saturday
I will have a good rest tomorrow."
When I can leave the office early, I should do so
Taking a good rest will refresh myself. ( This is good. Another way I would say it would be, \"Taking a good rest will be refreshing.\")"
I returned home late (at night) again yesterday 
I have a lot of problems to solve at work which happened in line, one after another everyday this week
They are newly found technical problems,personnel accidents, disorders of facilities, many kinds of problems which annoy us while conducting our research. -personnel (people employed) personal (your own
I am sure this is a good chance for me to grow up, it must be, I believe
Well, I will charge myself up to get them done well
I hope all of you have good luck with your whole life."
We have had a welcome and farewell party last night
I enjoyed myself until late
She wants to do practice for the running test in her physical education class next week
Well, yes, women want to be fit at any age, I know
I went on a trip with my family to Kyoto during the summer holidays with my family
I stayed in Kyoto for two days. in Kyoto
I could see many temples and shrines, but it was a little busy
I will go Kyoto in the autumn again when it is more slow
We are planning to visit Singapore from on Sunday on for business
But, uUnfortunately, a typhoon is there forming on the East China Ocean, where which is on the way from Japan to Singapore
On Sunday, it will approach to Japan
Besides, a volcano erupted in Indonesia and is still erupting volcano clay
It is another difficulty for us to go to Singapore. (Technically correct, but sounds a bit awkward. You could try \"it adds to the difficulty of getting there\" or \"Adding to our problems, a volcano
I wonder if our flight can will go well
Mine is are the following
My boy entered the university
My girl entered the high school
I ran on every single day for 100 days
I could completed my first 100km ultra marathon
I ran more than 4219.5km of the total this distance in a year
I joined in the running club
I visited to Singapore
Our office moved to the its former place
Other many good things stuffs happened around me, that are not mentioned above
I am making (writing) a report to the president of our company about my visit to Singapore
My boss has checked my draft, for several times already
His comments are corrects, but I think it will take a very long time to get the report finished
Good News
I have a good news to share
There was the announcement of the result yesterday.The result was announced yesterday. orThere was an announcement of the result yesterday
He got it and, he passed the exam! 
We are were very glad to hear the good news
Thank you all lang-8 friends for encouragements encouraging to him
And sorry for making you worry for him on his behalf
I hope he will have nice days at the university.Okay, but this sounds better: 'I hope he will have a good time at university
He says he wants to study Physics there
He will also learn another other various things there
Anyway, It seems to me that children grow up very fast, especially our own children do
I dislike spam mails like that."
Fell down to sleep well This title is unclear
It was a tough camp with concentrated discussions all day long from early in the morning until midnight and since
I came home around five. am or pm
I felt tired but free, at least at that time
I watched one episode of a recorded TV drama before dinner, read some pages of a novel after dinner, and fell asleep unknowingly
I woke up once and went to bed to have a better sleep
I am up right now, it is early morning
I live near a station on the Odakyu Line Railways
We hear the sounds of the railroad crossing more than every five minutes or so
We are completely get used to them."
Today, December 23th is a Japan's national holiday in Japan
Yesterday was the winter solstice, tomorrow is the Christmas eve, and the day after tomorrow is the Christmas
We are busy in December
We, as inusJapanese, take a bath with \"Yuzu\", which is a kind of Japanese citrus fruit, on  the winter solstice day
BecauseWe do this because webelieve that this customthe habit prevents us from getting a cold for a year
The days will start to get longer little by little as of yesterday
I hope spring comes soon."
I took a seminar about leadership
The thought leads us to be able to do anything well
Positive thought leads us to succeed, while negative thought leads us to failure
I use time in the morning to study the morning time to study
I make it a habit to study early in the morning
I have continued this habit for more than two years now
I'm sure it is because the rhythm of life sometimes shifts by staying at work late, stress or other things like that. overstays, stresses or something like that
From another point of view, sleeping in the oversleep may be good for some rest
I will make it a little easier and not so strict
Have you ever heard the word \"Mara-nic
It is made of these two words: \"marathon\" and \"picnic
It means, as you suppose, a picnic combined with a \/ after a 42.195km marathon distance run
Even slower than a normal jog, 7-8min a kilometer or more, I'm not sure
We each take a backpack or a waist bag to carry a bottled water, a camera, a towel, some chocolates, candies, energy gels, and so on, as same as regular picnics
Have you ever heard of Enoshima
It is very popular because it is a symbol of the Shonan area
There are a beautiful sea, beautiful beach, and rows of pine trees
The famous pop group Southern All Stars sings in the Enoshima and Shonan area, some famous movies were shot taken there also
Found spring in the garden
We have cold days here in these days.(or \"The days are still cold here
The winter seems like it has come back
But I can see some signs of the spring coming to our place
The grass on the lawn has woken up and began to grow again.(\"lawn grass\" sounds a little strange
The weeds have also began to grow as fast as the lawn grass
The lawn mower must be ready to work
I was glad to have found signs of spring
Spring is coming here."
I am an officer of our senior soccer club. \"Liaison\" sounds strange to me when used in this situation.  Here, members of a club who are in charge of tasks are called \"officers
I send mail to the members regarding game schedules, game participants and any other information
I ask if they are going to be present or absent before every game and I let them know the summary. What do you mean by \"summary
It is more work than I expected
So I decided to make communication with the members easier by utilizing an online mailing list
Have you ever heard of an online mailing list? When you want to say something like 「～を知っていますか？」 It is more natural to say \"Have you ever heard of~\" instead of the literal translation:\"Do you know
You can easily e-mail all of the members at once using it
I think it will be very useful
The only problem is that it is very difficult for me to persuade my seniors to sign up for the mailing list
By now, about two thirds of the members have joined our mailing list
I have to get all of the members to join our mailing list as soon as I can."
I will introduce some phrases to ease anyone, including myself, who are suffering from the stresses of every day life. 
I read them in some books recently. 
Don't be egoistical
Don't think that you always have to be in first place. 
Consider something from your partner's point of view and his values
Answer or respond after one breath
Don't be overly defensive. 
Forgive yourself as much as you forgive other people. (I'm not sure if this is what you are trying to say
Set yourself up for success. (I don't know what you are trying to say, so I just guessed
What do you think of these phrases?"
Outbid on eBay
I sometimes enjoy auctioning on eBay
Sometimes I bid on some items, but I rarely win them
It is because my bids are not high enough, therefore they are always outbid
So far, I have won some old cameras and some old wrist watches on eBay with very reasonable prices respectively
I was lucky that time
Browsing on eBay is very interesting, do you agree
Today, we will have our a power cut in the afternoon
We have a long holidays called Golden Week in Japan
If we also take added some paid holidays, we can have a long holidays from today to next next Monday
This is as long as the summer holidays or new year's one
What shall I do in these holidays
Some runs, riding bikes, spending time with family, and taking rests time out for relaxing
Have good holidays everyone, especially those of you in the northern Japan
I hope this from the bottom of my heart
The import tax for leather shoes is very expensive in Japan
It said that the item cost $35 for the item, shipping was $40 for the shipping, and approximately $50 was for the import tax and something, approximately
Don't you think the import tax is too high expensive
The import tax of leather shoes is the higher one between either $50 or 30% of the price of the item including the shipping, whichever is higher
This make me think it is better to buy shoes for $100 in Japan than to buy at a reasonable price like this on eBay
A New Week Starts
Today is Monday
I wonder what I should do until the end of the year
We all have something left to do in this year, don't we
Cleaning the house, writing new year cards, and some other houseworks like that
How did things you going in this year
My watch seemed broken when it was dropped on the floor
I will try to repair it by myself if I can do."
We are very lucky without any rain yesterday. it didnt rain yesterday
About 36 thousands runner ran around the central Tokyo
The excellent course, organizing, volunteering and warm cheering were all excellent
We will run 40 laps on the track in the National Stadium and donate 100 yen every lap to provide safe drinking water
I signed up as a team consisting of four runners including my wife, my son, my daughter and me
I love running, but I wonder how they will do
We had the annual relay race yesterday
It is one of the events held by our company
The race is held right after our office closes for the day
However, unfortunately there was some serious trouble that took place at my work in the days leading up to the relay race day
They were all serious and urgent problems, so I had to deal with them immediately
I combined this with the sentence above
It needed to be done
I thought I should not waste time by running the race, but should bury myself in my work
I was disappointed that I couldn't run the race and that my team had to forfeit because of it
It was a very nice race which has a good history behind it
Yesterday's race was the 45th
It has a very good course with nice scenery, nice warm audiences and excellent staffs
We can feel an autumn breeze these days
The hot summer is still continuing
It is still very hot in the daytime, but cooler in the morning and the evening than before
Autumn is coming here soon
Going shopping with my son and wife
My wife, my son and I went shopping last Sunday
A shop clerk said told us that he envied us for our closeness. [this is ok, but you could also say: \"he envied how close we were
YesI agree. We are very close, I think
We love to go shopping together and enjoyed ourselves sometimes. [you don't really need to say you enjoy going shopping, because that is implied when you say \"We love to go shopping
The An 18 year old boy who goes shopping with his dad and mom
What do you think about it that
When I was 18, I lived by myself in Tokyo apart, away from my parents
That is not why [You need to specify what \"That\" refers to here - it's not quite clear] but I rarely go went shopping with my parents
I didn't spentd much time with them those days
I wish I had done so more
If then I had done, my parents would have probably felt more happy happier, eh? [you should avoid using \"eh\" when writing anything formal
Anyhow, my family, including my 15 year old daughter, are very close and happy
We have to should be nice to our parents and family
This \"mara-nic\" is made with a combination of a marathon and picnic
It was a 42.195km distance marathon of picnic. *(?) Not sure, a picnic is usually when you go out to a park or something and just sit down, relax, and eat. I'm not sure how you can do a picnic and run a marathon at the same time! 
It is mid-summer now, so it was very, very hot yesterday
We could not run but walk due to the heat. *Because of the heat, we couldn't run so we walked. More natural 
I woke up on the sofa just now
I spent all night on the sofa in the living room instead of in the bed
It is not good 
I have to go to bed at the night
I have many things to do before the holidays, but I only have two days left
I'll hang inn there and will climb Mt
I also have a business trip during the holidays, just like I did during the previous one
He is an 18 year old freshman and she is a 15 year old high school student. (a\/an depends on the first sound in a word
I have not seen them arguing or fighting for many years
It is usually my role to help her study at home, but yesterday it was he who did so, instead of me
He taught her math, and in return, she helped him practice to teach as a part-time cram school teacher
The Frostbite Road Race was held yesterday at the Yokota Air Base in Kanagawa, Japan
It was their 29th annual race
It was hosted by the Yokota Striders Running Club
The races took place at the US Air Force base, mainly on the road around the runways and near the residences nearby. 
I ran the half marathon race
It was sunny and there was only mild wind so it was not as cold as last year's
Many American family members at the base cheered us on by shouting, mostly in Japanese, \"Ganbare!\" and\"Ganbatte!\". I was happy to hear them cheering us on
I renewed my record
I was a little faster this year than last year
BTW, how do you say \"Ganbare!\" in English
Good job!\", \"Nice running\", \"Go on!\", ..., they said more but I am sorry I can't remember it any more
It takes not more than 2 hours total to go\/get to my\/the office. ['get' sounds a little more natural to me, but 'go' is okay, too. :) 
It will be challenging tough, but easier than separating taking apart from my family
Last Week of July
After this week, we will have our summer holidays
I am planning what to do on during the holidays
I have been wanting to climb Mt. Fuji for a long time. 
Fuji after long while
The last time I climbed it was 20 years ago
I will also go to Kyoto with my family
This holidays will be nice."
A lot of overtime hours and holiday work is necessary to get my tasks done
I have been working from early in the morning to around midnight at the office and sometimes I go on business trips
I feel like exhausted and somewhat irritated
I know it is not good for myself and nor my surroundings
I need some rest to refreshing myself
Ugh, It is time to leave for the office to do holiday work on Saturday
Can I ask you to pray for me to keep my mental and physical condition?"
I do think it's getting difficult for me because of a lack of news or essays to write about. 
They say like this... 
The Slow and steady wins the race
Do it for just only 30 minutes, but do it everyday. [You could say \"do it for just 30 min.\" or \"do it for only . . ,\" but not both
If you do it for ten thousands hours in total, you could be an expert in anything. [\"of\" is okay, but \"in\" sounds more natural to me
I am now facing a trouble withor something concerning about an internet shopping from overseas
I bought a vintage diver watch from an eBay sellerfrom overseas last October
The watchwas made around 1980
It is so massive and cool that I love it very much at a first sight
I emailed the seller to replace it or repair itusing my English with difficulty
But now, in the beginning of January, I didn't receive the replacement yet
I sent some emails to lethim know some information
By the way, I am enjoying this transaction because this is a good chance to study English communicationin a special situation
My parents live in Hiroshima which is about 1000 km apart from here (where I live), so we can't meet all that often
My son will start living alone (by himself) next summer
I will understand my father's feelings when I live apart from my son
My son failed to take the last train (home) after drinking last night and could not come back home
So he is staying in some other town right now
Maybe he is staying at an overnight cafe there
I'm sure\/Surely\/ he feels cold
He will get back home by taking the first train which runs soon
I overslept again this morning 
It is probably because of a lack of sleep these days
Besides, I love the comfortably warm bed more during a cold Winter
I came back home around midnight after working a long overtime shift last night
There are many things to do before summer holidays, as you may know."
Therefore I had better go should have gone to bed early last night, I knew it, of course, but I didn't want to do it so and I woke up late  last night
I still feel sleepy until now."
Our height, weight, and body fat rate were measured
We took allkinds of tests, such as a blood test, urine test, chest X-ray, eyesight, hearing ability, ECG, ultrasonic echo, and so on
We were not allowed to eat or drink anything, even water, till 9 pm the day before the check
We were very hungry by the end
My eyes welled with tears up while drinking the sweet coke after the check-up
A New Week has started
Another new week has started
It's been raining for three days straight. still raining for straight three days
I don't like the this rainy season before summer in Japan
It is humid and cold some days, and and some days its hot the other days
We have to take care of ourselves so we do not to catch a cold
By the way, I have to make\/write three reports today
Each one of them is very heavy(we wouldn't usually say \"heavy\" here...what did you want to say?) for me
I am going to do my best. make my best efforts for them."
Well, anyway, today I will write about something nice that happened last night
I ran to and from work, a distance of about 5 kilometers, through the residential area, the paddy field and by the river
Ajisai, which is the Japanese name for hydrangea, had started  to bloom near the sidewalk
The paddy fields were filled with water and people were planting rice
It was such nice scenery
I loved it
Furthermore, last night I found a firefly flying by the riverside where I was running
I  think it followed  me for a while
It sounds very romantic, doesn't it
It was a destined meeting\/date or something like that
Ajisai and fireflies are the symbols of this season
They are only seen in the rainy season in Japan, and only in rural areas
Hurray, how nice it is to live  in a rural area!"
I have a big good\/great news
The results of the drawing for the tickets for the 2011 Tokyo Marathon 2011 were announced yesterday
It is very lucky that I won a ticket by lot! [or 'I'm very lucky
More than a million people applied for to be one of 30,000 lucky runners. [or 'applied for 30,000 tickets
It is a very real platinum ticket
I didn't win it last year
I am looking forward to running the Tokyo Marathon
Why do we so easily hurt the person whom we love the most on the Earth
We don't want to on purpose, of course, but we hurt them by making the same mistake again and again
We feel sorry, unhappy, unpleasant, regretful whenever we hurt them, and we always swear we won't do it again
But it is not easy for us to not do it again
 no, why do I myself 
We love Sakura, cherry blossoms (Sakura
They blooms in the spring for only about one week or so
When blooming, the cherry trees don't have their leaves, just many little flowers with five cute white-pink five petals
We enjoy seeing sakura (Hanami
The Washington's cherry trees are popular, aren't they
After full blooming, cherry blossom petals will fall in the wind
In a moderate wind, they fly into the air one after one another. lightly (fleetingly?), I think it is a scene of Japanese Wabi-Sabi
In a strong wind, the many petals falls simultaneously
Thousands or millions of petals fly into the air all together.(\"Thousands and thousands of petals fly into the air
It is so gorgeous that you would forget to breathe
I could not didn't have enough time to post a journal to Lang-8
It was very much hot yesterday
It was record temperature for hot weather in June
Many people were assailed (?) by the heat
We should take care not to get dehydrated in this season."
The quake felt like it kept shaking for more than OO minutes. More than OO minutes (you need a number
The floor swayed side to side
We felt afraid
Its epicentre was northern Shizuoka, which is under Mt
It's very close to here
Fortunately, I had already come home and was with my family, and we all were safe
We have to be careful of aftershocks."
We have a relay race at our factory's site after work tomorrow
It is the 61st annual race
Each team is made up of 4 runners and each runner runs about two to three kilometers respectively
Many people seem to have been looking forward to the race as is the case every year
Anyway, I think that I love running and I think that others also do."
I have a question
Would you please tell me how to say to complement someone
My friendtold me, \"You're beast
Am I wild as a beast
I think I am sure to be smart and handsome doesn't need to be labeled \"beast
I thought I would score higher on this one than I did on the last one
I was sure I would
However, unfortunately, the score I got was not as good as I had expected
So, I was a little disappointed
Not only was it worse than the last one I took but also the one before that
My scored dropped two straight times
I had problems with the listening test
Well, anyway, I won't let this get me down, in fact, it motivates me to study even harder
I will study hard and I WILL get a higher score on the next test!!"
It is a relay race where each runner runs on the road for long distances usually
Ekiden relay races are very popular in Japan
University students run relaying from Tokyo to Hakone and run relaying back to Tokyo
Well, going on to my race on Sunday, Six runners in a team will be running. (Since you already mentioned that it is a relay race, what you mean is quite clear and does not need further clarification
That is a very steep downward course
I am wondering if my legs will be able to withstand it. (Use the present tense, as you have not done the race yet and you are still worrying about it
My thighs have been feeling somewhat sore after (?) the last race last Sunday, but they got better now
I hope I will be ready by Sunday
Please cheer for me and my relay team!"
I could not sign up for the half marathon
It was already full and closed when I signed up
I will enjoyed the 10km at Shinjuku, which is the center of Tokyo, you know."
I joined a technology and business committee this fiscal year
It consists of members from various companies like mine
We will discuss the environmental technology and its business and so on throughout a year
We will have the first meeting this afternoon
Its magnitude was about M7
Many people died, and many were injured
Also many buildings collapsed
I hope they can be rehabilitated as soon as possible
There had been was also a very big earthquake in Kobe, Japan on Jan.17th, 1995
It happened 15 years ago today
It was called \"The Great Hanshin earthquake\" or \"Hanshin-Awaji Dai Shinsai\" in Japan
Its magnitude was M7.3
People and buildings in the area had been were badly damaged
We should prepare for coming future earthquakes, especially in Japan because it is a country that has frequent earthquakes."
The rainy season is likely to come here soon in Kanagawa, Japan
There is The front line is on the Pacific Ocean near Japan, (need a comma before 'and' when putting two complete sentences together) and we had some rain these past few days
I didn't bring a big umbrella yesterday, but I had a small folding one yesterday. 
I should have brought a big one
I don't like folding umbrellas very much, because they are inconvenient to carry when they are wet and folded, even if they are portable when they are dry
I don't like bringing a big one, either
I sometimes leave them in the train or in other places, so I feel nervous whenever I bring one."
Summer has already come, hasn't it?  
I suggest combining this sentence with the one above. Like: It feels very early, but the highest temperature of the day here recently is above 20 degrees Celsius. You can also use something like \"... the highest temperature recorded here recently
By the way, I am surprised to see that the chocolate bars which I keep in my desk for a snack (or \"for snacking\") are a bit soften and sticky these days
They are not good while being sticky, aren't they
They lose their crunchy and crispy taste
They stick to our fingers and then transfer to documents, desk, clothings, or whatever we touch with dirty fingers in the summer time. You can also use \"during the summer time
I think it's probably preferable to use \"It would be a disaster to stain important documents with chocolate.\" since... that's probably the case, isn't it 
I suggest \"They may even make stains on our white shirts
That would probably be a serious matter too
That is why I keep coated chocolate balls or something else for my snack instead of chocolate bars during summer days
Pay good attention to your chocolates in the summer, everyone! Or, \"during summer\""
Early bird can catch the worms.The English phrase goes \"The early bird gets the worm
I get up at 4 o'clock on weekdays and at 6 on the weekend
I am studying English with some textbooks and internet sites for studying English like Lang-8
I think it's better to study early in the morning, because it is so quiet and I can concentrate
What do you think about it
Sunscreen attacked my eyes
My eyes hurt as posted yesterday.My eyes have hurt since yesterday
I wondered if that was really a case that a sunburn caused this inflammation as I posted.I wonder if the inflammation was really caused by a sunburn
That's because I was used to spent more time under sun than yesterday without eye trouble like this.I am usedto spending more time outside under the sun without any eye trouble
Well then, what caused this inflammation of my eyes, I wonder.I wonder what actually caused the inflammation in my eyes
I put on some sunscreen on my face before getting out.I usually put sunscreen on my face before going out. 
And after getting out, I sweated a lot like a river and got sweat in my eyes.After I got out, I had sweat a lot and the sweat ran into my eyes
The sunscreen flew into my eyes with this sweat.Sunscreen mixed in with the sweat and got in my eyes as well. 
It hurted my eyes.My eyes were hurting
That's why my eyes became red and inflamed, I guess.I guess that is why my eyes are now red and inflammed
The sunscreen attacked my eyes, I'm sure. I'm sure The sunscreen attacked my eyes
I rarely put on sunscreen before now.Before this incident, I rarely applied sunscreen
I didn't know how it hurts my eyes.I did not know that it would hurt my eyes
Well, I learned.I've learned my lesson
I am not going to put sunscreen above my eyes."
It is still very hot, burningly hot, in the daytime, but it gets cooler in the morning and the evening these days day by day
Yesterday evening, on the way home from work, I heard the sound of drums. [good
I'm sure it was of the practicing of traditional drums for the fall harvest festivals
Boys and girls play the drums and their master plays the flute at the local fall harvest festivals
They are very good at playing the drums because they have practiced each year since they are were small children
We have done this for a long, long time
I guess there are the same or similar customs also in all another countries
How about in yours?"
Before there were notifications that my journal got comments or corrections before
However, not in these days
How is yours
We had a milestone progress meeting yesterday
We reported current situation of our work progress to the higher-ups decision makers including the president of our laboratory laboratory head and the representative of the enterprise division
Unfortunately, Our development doesn't go very well. our project isn't going too well
We have to slip revise our schedule
But we got approval to extend the deadline and do further research. for further investigation and our renewal plan
I have sore muscles all over of all my body now
Both thighs, calves, back, and abdominal muscles feel considerably sore
Especially when stepping down stairs, both my both thighs give a scream of pain
Should I take some rest for a while
I agree with this
But I think the active rest is more effective than the passive rest that just involves with staying still or doing nothing
The tree-planting ceremony was held near where I live
It was a very big ceremony there
because the Emperor and Empress came to plant trees by themselves
There are many roads that had been repaired, re-paved or newly made around and towards the park where the ceremony was held, to prepare for the ceremony. 
The Emperor and Empress planted seeds and various kinds of tree saplings, including pollen-less cedars
It was pity that it rained all the time during the ceremony, but many other attractions were there, like some dances, reading some essays, etc
We wish the trees will grow up healthily, and that we will keep the mountains and nature beautiful
A lot of books are piled up on it now
I have thought that I have to clean for months.>> I have been meaning to clean it for months
Most books which sometimes I may read again sometime should be there but it is is it really true
Books which I haven't read for a long time don't have to be there, at the prime location
I will clean them up next weekend."
He will graduate from the high school after finishing 3 years of study there
he will have had a great time there
We are very glad about\/for that
The graduation ceremony in Japan are like this
The graduates get some congratulatory speeches, their representative of them give theanaddress in reply,each one of them get a diploma from the principal, and then all attendants sing songs
Some days there are rain and some days it shines (or is sunny
Before The summer is coming and it is getting hotter and more humid day by day
For example, I sweat a lot, like a water fall, while jogging yesterday
We have to take enough water, salt and electrolytes so we don't get dehydrated even in mid summer
Besides, we have to get used to the heat and humidity gradually for the oncoming hot weather of the summer
We have to probably restrict electricity consumption this summer
We are worried about the short amount of electricity for air-conditioning in this summer."
Well, yesBut, I will tomorrow."
How long is your commute
How long is your commute
I run to work which takes about 30 minutes almost every day
My wife rides her bicycle to work which takes approximately 10 minutes
My daughter takes the train and then bikes to her school from the station which takes about 45 minutes
My son goes to a university which takes approximately an hour and a half by train
An hour and a half
Three hours in a train per day, every day
I can't say \"not too bad\" to that
We would like him to live alone in an apartment near his university or in a dormitory in the near future
If he lives alone, he must do his own housework
It takes time, but hope it takes less than 3 hours a day
He will learn a lot from this experience
For not wasting his time, or not losing kinds of opportunities, we'd better to let him live alone probably. It's better for him to live alone because it will save him time and he will have more opportunities. 
If he remains home, he can concentrate on his studies without worrying about housework
It would be better from one point of view
This is a difficult problem for us. Should he commute or live alone
We need time to decide what we will do."
Summer Greetings
We Japanese have a custom to send postcards for Summer Greetings
But I think handwritten postcards or letters would be much more appreciated by recipient
I think it is difficult to write letters to someone when we have no news to tell them, but is easier to write Season Greetings
Why don't you send handwritten Summer Greeting Cards to someone sometimes
In Japan, this weekend is a three-day weekend due to the holiday
Unfortunately, I have to go to the office on the holiday and work. \"I am very sorry\" is used to apologize profusely to someone else. It is like どうもすみません 
The end of the 1st period of the fiscal year is coming soon
Anyway, it's too beautiful outside for me to jump right into holiday work
I could not help but take a detour before heading to the office
So, I enjoyed running in the fresh, clean air before work
Well, It's time to get down to work. You can either say \"get down to business\", or \"get to work
We ran from Hiratsuka Sougo Koen Park to Enoshima and back instead of
It was instead of the usual many laps route in the Hiratsuka Sougo Koen Park
The route was flat enough for easy running but somewhat lacked of changes in the scenery (or but was somewhat boring\/monotonous), I thought
It was not very hot because of it was cloudy and sometimes we had a little rain
I ran at an easy not race pace
It was\/I had a lot of fun
We spent for three hours from 7 to 10 pm without any electric lights
It got colder without any stoves. While I understand what you mean (i.e. in Japan, heaters are called stoves), in general, we refer to ストーブ as \"heater\" or \"heaters
When the electricity came back at 10 pm, we realized its preciousness."
I found two fireflies flying on the way home from work yesterday
They were about 5km apart from each other
Hooray for my countryside
I used to go out to see fireflies near our previous apartment before moving here to our current place
There was a nice stream for fireflies and we protected them,  so we could see a lot of fireflies there
I'm sure you would love it."
Slight change of the life rhythm \"Life rhythm\" is an interesting phrase, but not one we use. Perhaps 'rhythm of life' or 'daily rhythm' or 'daily routine' would be better
Even a small change of life rhythm＊ can make an influence on our physical condition. (see earlier comment
I think I will get used to this new rhythm eventually."
I signed up for the Frostbite Road Race held at the Yokota Air Base on Jan
We can't always enter the base, but at such an event, we can enter there
It is about three months until then."
I took a super express Hikari for the first time in after a while
It was very comfortable, but we had some trouble with the prepaid card at the transfer
My prepaid card was not usable for the super express, so I bought a ticket, and used it instead
After transferring to the local train, my prepaid card should have been usable for it, but I had an error at the ticket gate
I will go on a business trip starting today until tomorrow
We will write a report about our research about the business strategies at the camp
It will be a huge lot of work
We have been studying since last April, the beginning of the fiscal year of 2010, and we will complete and publish this report by the end of the 2010 fiscal year
Our work reaches its final stage."
My desk is somewhat messy now
I have to clean (up) to make a room on the desk
I discarded some magazines, but it was not enough
More books and magazines should be discarded, but I can't decide which ones to should be discarded
There were some personnel changes in our office this during April, which is a the beginning of the new fiscal year. Using \"this April\" was not wrong. I only replaced it with \"during\" so that the second part of the sentence would fit in better. 
I myself was moved off to another section on the date of April 16th. You can also say: I myself was transferred to another section on April 16th
I had been in charge of my former work section for about six years. I corrected this under the impression that you were section chief, and therefore, that you were in charge of a section
It seemed like a very long time
My job in the former section was rather something like supporting service. Suggestion: My job in the former section was something like taking care of supporting service
Before that, I had been working at the front line of the research and development
I hoped to expand the sphere of my work. Or: I had hoped to expand the sphere of my work
I sometimes asked my boss to let me move off  (or \"transfer\") back there again or to somewhere else other department
The new section where I have moved (or \"transferred\") to now is in charge of the R&D for producing new products
So I am glad to move off have been moved\/ have been transferred
I have to work harder and catch up with the regarding technologies and markets and so on at first immediately. I'm not quite sure what you meant by \"regarding\". Did you mean \"involved
I wish hope we can produce new, great products (suggested word order: \"great, new products\") and release them onto the market soon. "
I don't know why, but problems always occur when I buy a watch. 
This time I bought a sport digital wristwatch for measuring my lap time while running. 
I received it yesterday, but It was different than what I ordered
It was bigger and heavier, which is not suitable for my running
The model numbers of the one I ordered and the one I received are very similar to each other. 
I want to exchange it, so I'll send a letter to the seller
Please correct it for me. 
I also want to know how to write a simpler one and\/or a business style one
I am really looking forward to it
My high school's alumni\/alumnae, whose ages are from about 20 to over 70, will play soccer at on a single team. *alumnus = 1 male graduate; alumna = 1 female graduate; alumnae = female graduates; alumni = female and\/or male graduates; though, many people use 'alumni' for all of these situations
Once or twice a year our club plays matches against other senior soccer teams. or another senior soccer team
We can enjoy playing soccer very much.Nevertheless, we could can not play as smoothly as we used to at high school days. or during our high school days
Thereafter Afterwards\/After the games we go to a party and have a nice time chatting with each other about our recent state catching up ('recent state' isn't used in English the same way it is used in Japanese
We also help each other in both our public and private lives
We have a special friendship not only because we graduated from the same school but because we share the samememories and feelings -atmosphere, things like that - of our childhood days, and so on
I am very muchlooking forward to meeting my old friends\/my old classmates\/the other alumni and playing soccer with them. *Note: a school\/organisation has alumni, not other people; i.e. the university's alumni"
We need to have our cars inspected make our cars to be taken a car safety inspection every two years in Japan.>> the pattern is 'have XX done by YY' e.g. have my hair cut by the barber etc
Our cars have to be checked for safety and we have to pay the maintenance fee, expensive tax and insurance
However, we forget to pay tax or something easily(im not sure what your trying to say exactly but using \"or something easily\" is not correct, i would say just \"...forget to pay taxes very easily\" or something like this
I intend to go to the car maintenance shop for car safety inspection today."
As you know well, we have a lot of work around the beginning and the end of the fiscal year and also at the beginning of the fiscal year
We must review the achievements from the previous fiscal year and plan our target in the new fiscal year
We have to discuss about them with members of our working group
That is why we have busy days in every spring."
I usually run to work, but I take the trains to work on rainy days
We had two days of rain, so I took the trains both days
Since I have to take two trains to work, and there are is some lost time loss, it takes more time to go to work by train than on by foot
On the other hand, the advance advantage is that I can read books in on the train
I could read some classic novels during those these two days. -- Change \"read\" present tense to \"read\" past tense =)"
I still wear a short sleeved T-shirt and shorts while running to and from the office
And a vest on top of that
But I felt a little cold around my arms last night
I wonder if it is time for to wearing a long sleeve shirt
Is winter coming here
It was really an amazing game
We are feel really encouraged."
The 2nd half of the FSY 2011 has started
I transferred to a new office on October 1st
I have to move my things to the new office and to prepare for commuting to the new office
I will be busy this week."
Overslept Again
I am sure that I don't have get enough sleep
Oversleeping is just what I need
I wonder whether is better to take get some rest, or to keep going to and study early in the early morning
Years ago, I made it a habit to get up early and study for some years
But recently, I know became aware that I am in a lacking(or 'losing' instead of 'lacking') of sleep recently
I know the best way thing to do is I know to go to bed early in the night
But it may be better to sleep more for some days, rather than to keep going waking up early to be an early bird
Another typhoon is approaching Japan
It will hit today and pass over Japan today and tomorrow
I hope there will be no damage."
I got up at six this morning
I have to leave by six thirty
I don't have time to post a journal. You can also say \"I don't have the time to post a journal
There are iPod Shuffle, iPod Nano and iPod Touch
I got the Shuffle first several years ago; I enjoyed listening to musics while running and walking
Next, the Nano was originally my son's and was lent to me last year
And I bought the Touch this month for myself
When there is WiFi circumstance, it acts the same as an iPhone
With the Skype app, I can make a call to someone
She decided to quit her school club activity after all finally
She had been worrying about it for long time
She loves to play badminton, but she got an injury to her leg
She can't maintain her motivation as she did before
Badminton is a very competitive sports
It is more fun when it is competitiveness
She couldn't play as well as she wanted to due to her leg injury
She couldn't win the matches as she could before
She had worried about things
Then finally, she decided to withdraw from the badminton club
I am sorry, but I think it is good decision for herself
Yesterday was the summer solstice, which has a longest daytime and a shortest nighttime
The sun rises at about 4:30 and sets at about 19:00 around the this day
How long a day that is
Unfortunately, we are in the rainy season in Japan at midsummer, so we can't enjoy the longest day very much
Instead, around midsummer, we enjoy watching the World Cup soccer games held in South Africa on TV 
There is a time difference between here and there, so the games are played during the shortest night
Many soccer fans in Japan are now suffering from the lack of sleep caused by the W-Cup
Of course I am
It is a business trip there
It is my first time to go there and it is the first time since the last travel abroad twenty years ago
I had forgotten the the procedure for going abroad, for example, how to get a passport, what to bring with me, and so on
Last time when I went to America, I rent a bigger case for the 2-week trip, 20 years ago
This time, I will go on a 3-day 4-stay trip, so I bought a carry-on-sized soft case
I will go jogging early every morning in Singapore for a kind of sightseeing, because I don't have enough time for sightseeing, otherwise
I'm looking forward to it
It is about time to have early breakfast and then leave home
Please wish my safe trip and successful business
The summer heat is being washed off by this rain and Fall will come soon here
When someone gives us something, we say, \"Sumimasen
When someone helps us doing something, we also say, \"Sumimasen
Sumimasen\" may usually be translated to \"I am sorry,\" or \"Excuse me.\" In these cases, \"Sumimasen\" doesn't mean a simple apology, but means \"thanks
I don't know why actually it is the real reason, but I think we Japanese think it is a virtue to be modest. For centuries, during our long history, we are said to be we have been called modest and the modesty might have made us say \"Sumimasen\" to express thanks
When someone corrects my poor English, I will possibly say \"Sumimasen\" as well as \"Arigatou\"."
I organised and asked the members to attending the meetings. I also lead the discussions there
We discussed some problems of our researches and came to a consensus on what to do and how to do the tasks respectively
The four meetings took about two hours each totalling eight hours overall
I want to have more free time and wish we could have more efficient meetings
The highest temperature hit was 39.9 degrees Celsius on September 5th in Kyoto
It was the highest ever recorded in September in Japan
However, we feel a cooler and comfortable breeze blowing these days in the mornings and the evenings. these days
Fall is coming day by day even if very slowly. <-- ok, sounds better--> (Day by day fall is coming, even if it is very slow
We are really hoping fall will come soon
Come to think of it, I think I have posted many journals about the temperature in during this summer..."
I will take a the TOEIC test on May 18th
I want to score more higher than I did the last time
To tell the truth, during the past two tests, my score is has decreasing decreased. at the last two tests
According Due to the increasing of concern about the globalization, my company recently showed said that all employees have to be more global
13th is the birthday of my son. my son's birthday
I want to wish him a happy birthday to him
He becomes 18 years old. (Again I think: \"He will be 18 years old\" is more natural
He is a good, great, awesome son
I certainly think so 
At least it is true for us, our family.This sentence doesn't make sence
He is healthy, vigorous, tender, diligent,..., well, I can't say enough about him
Maybe I'm may overestimating him because I am his father and I love him very much
Anyway, I am very happy due to on his behalf him
Of course, needless to say, my wife and his younger sister are happy, too. as well
Our family is very happy for him
He has been preparing for the entrance exams to universities
of his first choice will be in Feb
There is no little time before the exams, but he seems to have been going smoothly with his preparation. his preparations have been going smoothly 
I believe in that
I took the train to Machida, walked around the town, browsed some shops, and finally I bought a pair of shoes
It is what I wanted and was looking for
I was lucky to get it at a 20% discount price
It was a nice shopping trip."
I wrote we have snow in February or March in yesterday's journal
That came true again this year again
It didn't not piled up at all here this time
By the way, today February 11th is a national holiday in Japan which is celebrated as the National Foundation Day
Right now I have no plans for today now
Do you know what a relay marathon race is about 
Have you ever participated in one 
At the year-end party after the last run in 2009 on Dec.26th, my friends and I chatted while drinking about our running  plans for the next year
One of my friends had taken part in some 100km races before, and another had not done so yet
They are interested but 100km is too long for inexperienced guys, they said
The friend who had experience, suggested that we should participate in a relay marathon together as a team
In a relay race, each runner can run his own distance and time as determined by his ability
Some 24h relay marathons are held in Japan
Our two picks among them will be in July and also in September
How far do you think that we can run for 24hours, 
We must do more long distance training and be able to do it without sleeping for 24h 
We need more team members, too
How many team members do you think are needed for a 24h relay race
We think 8 is the minimum, and 12 is better
Do you think we are weird, running addicts
Fruitful Sunday (I would say \"Productive Sunday\" instead
Such as my hair cut, mow grass, wash cars, jog, and more. (This is a fragment, to fix it, you can say something like \"For example, I had a hair cut, mowed my lawn, washed the cars, jogged, etc.\" Past tense is also needed here
I took very much crowded train last evening. We don't say \"last evening\" so much in English, say either \"last night\" or \"yesterday evening\" which both basically mean the same thing
I went to Tokyo on business and attenda meeting of a committee discussing how to make innovations
It sounds very difficult, doesn't it
Yes, it is a very difficult problem to answer
We have been holding these meetings throughout the year to make our own answer to it
Well, after the meeting, I took a subwayon a private railway to go back home
The evening trains in the Tokyo area are always very crowded
My train was fully loaded with people who were going back home from work or from school
I mostly had to stand on one foot for most of the some time
I could not put my another foot on the floor
After more than one and ahalf hour strugglingon the train, I could finally sit ona seat
As I said yesterday, I will run a marathon in Tokyo
Rain is can even be good for running if it is not very heavy
Especially, this marathon is not a competition of speed, but for enjoying the famous sightseeing sites in Tokyo while we are running slowly
We have four more hours until the race starts, but\/so I will leave home in an hour
I hope this rain will stop or ease off until the start."
There is an earthquake going on right now here in Kanagawa, Japan
It is not very big though. (this sounds more natural
The strong wind warning was issued early in this morning. You can also say \"the warning about strong wind\" but I actually prefer your shorter, simpler sentence
I heard the news in the train on the way to the starting site. \"... train to the starting site\" makes us think that the train is going directly to the starting site. 
I was looking forward to this marathon a lot and was \/ had prepared for it.\"Was prepared for it\": in the sense that you were ready for the marathon VS. \"Had prepared for it\": in the sense that you had made a lot of preparations (i.e. training) for the marathon. You can also say: \"I was really looking forward to this marathon and was (or had) prepared for it
Alternatively: But, we couldn't do anything about it
The wind was getting got weaker and it almost stopped raining. Therefore, my friend and I decided to go jogging at the Imperial Palace instead of the cancelled marathon
We jogged 2 laps there, which is about 10km,  and then we took a the train back home for about 2 hours back home
My body feels sore now because of Saturday's soccer game
Some muscles and joints have had sore
I regularly run on a regular basis, but my muscles got sore after soccer
The intensity of the exercises was stronger than the one during my runs
This sore is not very serious, even feel good for myself. The sore is not very serious, but even with this problem I have a very good feeling for myself
This week will surely be a busy week
I have a presentation next Tuesday, so I have to prepare for it
It might take a while
I also have to organize a few meetings this week
There are three or four, possibly more
I will plan those meetings and cheer them (I am not sure what you mean by \"cheer them\") and then make the proceedings
Lastly, I have parties on Tuesday and Friday evening
This is the first time it's rained in a long while. the first rain in a long while
I think we didn't have haven't had rain for more than 2 months.>> uk english is this way 
I can't remember the last rain.>> '.. the last time it rained' is what i'd say
We have little rain here in Kanagawa prefecture, which is next to Tokyo
It is good from one point of view, but not very good from another one
Getting a good night sleep may refresh myself."
We used to celebrate new adults aged 20 on the Coming of Age Day on Jan.15, the little New Year, prior to 2000
They come back to their hometown on the that day and celebrate celebrated
Girls wear Japanese traditional clothing, like \"kimonos
This is an article about the little New Year although it's in Japanese
My daughter has had a fever since the day before yesterday
She seldom catches a cold and has kept a perfect attendance since the entrance to the elementary school eight years ago
So, she seems to feel really sorry for herself very much
Yesterday, she was taken to a doctor and he checked if she get a got the flu
The test results was were negative and it said she caught an ordinal cold
We are were relieved then
But in the evening, her temperature raisedincreased toover 38 degrees Celsius again. 
Many of her classmates are were absent from school because of the flu yesterday
We are still thinking she have a has the flue flu
She is going back to the doctor todayto be checked again and we hope she  will be given theappropriate medicines today
I ran into an old friend on my way home yesterday
It was fancy great(?) to see her again there
She said told me her family had recently moved to our neighbourhood. (I fancy British English spelling 
We had lived next-door to each other in an apartment more than 15 years ago. (next-door is a common expression 
She has a son that's the same age as my son
They used to play together almost every day when they were toddlers
After my family had moved out, her son and my son played soccer in different teams and sometimes played some matches sometimes when they were elementary school boys
After a long interval of not keeping in touch, we happened to meet by accident
We made a promise to meet again with both families and said good bye
I felt glad to have seen her and heard her family is doing well
The quarrel between my wife and my daughter seems to have finished
Peace came back to my\/our home
I am relieved
Yesterday's dinner was Japanese \"nabe\" stew
The forecast says that much more cedar pollen is flying this year than usual
It will be about several times the amount of last year
My eyes feel itchy and my nose are is runny even with a mask
I take some pills for allergies
They usually work well usual, but their effect may not be strong enough to fight against so much pollen this year
Someone will do longer. This sentence does not make sense."
Headphones are about to die
The headphones for my iPod seem to have something wrong with them
Sounds only comes from only right side, not from the left one
I think there is it's something trouble like a bad wire contact
It is probably because the plug became gets a little rusty from my sweat
I want to get a new pair of headphones before the current ones die
I change my headphones about twice a year, I'm not sure
I am now wondering which ones I should buy for the replacement
For my use while jogging use, high graded, expensive ones aren't necessary
Used up a ballpoint pen
It was a slight minor event, but I felt a bit happy a bit
I have already set put a new refill into the ballpoint pen
It is not an expensive one, but it costs 100yen
What Do you have anything like this slight small but happy event?"
A big earthquake hit New Zealand yesterday
I hope there was no serious damage.ࠠ
Everyone in New Zealand, are you OK,? [sounds more natural in this order
Big aftershocks may hit at some intervals after the a big one.
So we have to be sensitive and be wary of the next big one."
But where and how did they come from
As you know, the frogs lay eggs in water and tadpoles grow up in the water
However, my house is located somewhat apart from a body of water place where frogs' eggs and tadpoles grow. << (this is a litttle more natural
Rice fields are some blocks apart away from my house where they mostly seem to grow. (again, you are correct, but this sounds more natural
And for what reason do they come and live in my garden
Anyway they are cute and are loved by my family."
I posted my previous entry of \"Delivery error
This is the sequel to it
The internet coffee shop sent mea new one the day before yesterday since I had contacted the shop and the home delivery agent and asked them to send me the substitution
Since I had contacted the shop and the home delivery agent and asked them to send me the substitution
It is a very fast delivery. (or \"It was delivered very quickly
On the other hand, the eBay seller replied to me that he had sent the other replacement watch to me
One of my tooth fillings came out when I was eating a candy the day before yesterday
I was lucky I didn't swallow it but I could have
I went to the dentist yesterday to get the cavity in my tooth filled again
I am happy it took such a short time
Do you have any cavities now or are they already fixed
My first trip abroad for business
I will go to Singapore on a business trip from next Sunday to Wednesday
It is my first trip abroad on business and the second trip abroad after the one to the US about 20 years ago
I had to have a new passport issued and buy a carry case and some other stuffs for it
I am excited and nervous a little about it now
I wonder whether I should have traveled abroad for leisure, not on business by now
It was like a mid Spring day some day, and like a late Winter day the next.There was nothing wrong with the way you put it except it sounds slightly unnatural
We easily catch cold or get sick in the weather like that
It is probably because I went to a business trip in the cold rain yesterday and stayed outside without my overcoat which was out with the drycleaners
It was chilly cold yesterday. Chilly or cold, but generally you wouldn't say \"chilly cold
We had my office X'mas (maybe better to use \"Christmas\") party yesterday
It was very crowded in the cafeteria where the party was held, rather packed like a commuter train car. (I just rearranged the sentence
Many drinks and dishes were served, but more people were there, so I thought they was not much enough, and it turned out we were was short of quantity
We also had some exhibitions on the stage
Some played musical instruments, danced, or did other party exhibitions
They sounded like very fun, but I couldn't watch nor hear them because of the happy and noisy crowd
We had fun and relaxed for hours at the party
That is, I was very lucky to have won the 1st prize of the lottery at the party
The prize was travel coupons
I will go on a one-night trip with my family to a hot spring not so far away."
I overslept again this morning, so [You can combine this with the next sentence
I stayed up late last night to set up a new version of ubuntu OS
Some trouble seemed to happened, upgrading to 10.10 was failed
So I had to re-install the ver.10.10 with CD-R
It took a long time to download the disk image and install it on to my computer
I wrote something like an excuse, and I think of it as today's journal
Time flies by
And have you ever made good progress or finished it yet
As for myself
But I feel time flies by at a very fast speed
Don't rush for anything,just take it easy
I went to a barber shop to get my hair cut
It is popular even for men to go to a hair salon in Japan now. (Or, \"Nowadays, it's very popular, even for men, to go to hair salons
But I like to go to the barber shop and I go there once every two months.There is one (or 'a barber shop')near my place. (Or, \"and I go to one near my place once every two months
It is very suitable, especially for the summer
So did I this time, the day before yesterday, too. (I do not really understand what you mean by this sentence. 
I got refreshed. (Or, \"it was refreshing\" if you want
There are four runners per team, each one will run from about 2.5 to 3.7km respectively
Our team won the 6th prize last year and the 4th the year before. before the last
We will try to get better a place this year
He has ran this relay races many times
We want let him enjoy this one more than ever
Microsoft had announced they will no longer support the Windows 2000 any more
Therefore, for secure use, the 2K PCs were the last to get replaced
What I got actually was an older PC than what I was using
It has a Pen4 processor,  only 500mb RAM, and a 40gb HDD
It is a used PC which had been retired from work before
It has poor specs, not enough for my daily work
I can use some newer applications and software on XP."
Please let me tell you my excuse for oversleeping
I am tired and lacking sleep
Today is St. Valentine's Day
I bought him a new snowboard jacket and pants as his birthday present
My daughter made some cupcakes for the Valentine's Day's presents. That last part is a little awkward
Cold days got back these days, nevertheless it is March. Even though it is March, it has been cold recently
In early spring, we have four warm days after three cold days, and then the weather gets warmer
The rain will wake the plants up for the coming spring
I hope the rain wash off the ceder pollen which causes the hay fever
The weather news said this summer was the hottest in over 100 years in Japan
It's the Spring drizzle. I don't mind to get soaked through ...? 
I heard someone on TV said \"It's the Spring drizzle. I don't mind to get soaked through 
This is supposed to be the master's response when his servant put up an umbrella for him during a Spring drizzle long time ago. I am not sure if this is true or not
I have a marathon to run today
I don't like running in the rain very much for sure
That is why I said so as above
Umm, okay, okay, It is just a Spring drizzle, I will run soaking through it!"
I can have a day off work today
Have a good weekend, everyone
I didn't get enough sleep this week, so I could not get up as early as usual
Do you think we can stock up on sleep at the weekend for the next sleepless weekdays
However, too much sleep may makes us rather more sleepy, unfortunately, as you know
Anyway, I wish you all a good weekend! [or \"I hope you all have a good weekend
It has been cold these days since last week
It is a little warmer now
Cherry blossom viewing is very popular in Japan
It will get warmer by little and little. (\"It will get warmer little by little\" is more natural speech
Spring will come soon at my place
How about at your place?"
I registered for the TOEIC test in May
I have taken the test four times before
After a long, long interval, the second time was 3 years ago, and after that, I took them approximately once a year
I think it is good for checking my English skill, and also it motivates me to study English
I should study harder; vocabulary, grammar, listening, business terms, etc
And I have to practice quick reading and quick answering because there are so many questions and little time
Well, Yes, OK, I'll do my best and am gonna get a better score than last time!"
It Is Getting Hotter
It feels like summer here in Japan these days
How is the weather in your location?"
My wife and I went cycling with my wife
This is an annual event for us on Golden Week
This is the almost my only long ride in a year
It was cloudy but a good weather condition
There were a lot of people in Kamakura and Enoshima during today's holiday
I went for a business trip to a convention center near the Tokyo Tower yesterday
Tokyo Tower has antennas for television broadcasts, was modeled after the Eiffel Tower in Paris, which is 333 meters tall and was built in 1958
We love to go to the aquarium, because we love fish and sea animals as well as the cool air
What shall I do this year? (More colloquial: What should I do this year? What will I do this year
First of all, I will make my family happier
And then, I will make every others happier
And at the end, I will feel happy myself
I will not set myself as the first, but as the last
I saw many colorful flowers in gardens on the way to work
They were very pretty
Fall is coming soon even if it is still very hot. (In British English you can use the word Autumn instead of fall
I really hope so. Sentence fragment
We had a strong winds yesterday
I ran against a strong wind at lunchtime
I couldn't run forward and was even about to be blown over
If I had wings, I could have glided into the air
Actually, my wife said the laundry had been blown off the washing line by the wind
The strong southern wind was caused by the winter style of the pressure systems. What is \"winter style\" pressure system? Is this different from \"summer style\" pressure system
Sakura in full bloom
I show Here are some photos of full booming cherry blossoms in my neighborhood. This is more of a suggestion then a correction
I was sorry (It was a shame?) it was a bit cloudy, but as shown in these photos, we could enjoy seeing the sakura flowers
You can see oilseed rape flowers below the sakura trees in the 1st photo
The yellow flowers are cute and beautiful by in contrast with the pink sakura flowers
In the small river, that should probably should be called a brook or a creek, wild \"medaka\" fish can be found
Medaka si areJapanese rice fish
They are very popular in Japan. We love them very much
The youtube video shows you \"Medaka no gakkou\"; \"School of Japanese rice fish\", that is a very popular traditional children's song
I'm afraid that unfortunately, wild medakas are very rare because they are in danger of extinction unfortunately
Anyway, we have a lot of hanami parties this weekend here and there in Japan and we are enjoying the sakura
The typhoon has had gone at all subsided
Many people were killed and many buildings were broken shattered
Natural disasters are too much cruel devastating."
I have a (foot)race today on Sunday
The race is held near my home, which is about 2km away
I have to walk outside in the this morning
I will walk from one work site to another
I will have to carry some luggage, and I have to keep it from getting wet
Wireless LAN has something trouble
The wireless LAN in my house is having something trouble right now
It doesn't make a connection well
I don't know what no why this happened
I don't have enough time to fix it
The very hot summer is\/has gone
Time flies (by) fast
I think it goes by very fast
We should spend our precious time more carefully, don't you think so
I think so all the time, but I don't think I can do so
What do you think about it
How do you take care to spend your time carefully? (Sorry, I keep changing the \"fruitfully\" to \"carefully\" because \"fruitfully\" tends to imply that there is going to be some reward at the end for being so meticulous in your time spending). You can also say something like \"How do you manage your time carefully
Last night, he was wondering which liberal arts classes he should choose
And she was worried about commute, on what route she goes to school by bicycle from the nearest station to her school
They are freshmen, you know
I am so happy to see them start their new school lives
I try to control myself not to help them too much
They should prepare for their new lives by themselves
I hope they will be able to many kinds of things by themselves for their age
It is somewhat hard for me and my wife to tolerate not to give them a hand on purpose
They seem like little kids to us forever
We hope they two adjust to that theirnewschool lives
The weather news said the rainy season has already started here
Unfortunately, I haven't run in one yet
This is an email to my new running friend who became friends with me recently on a runners' SNS site
He is preparing to try to run a sub-3 hours marathon in the Tokyo Marathon next month
He asked me when I am planing to give my first try to run (running)the sub-3
My PR is 3 hours(and) 12 min at the last Lake Kawaguchi. (I don't really understand what you mean by \"at the last
My next try may be at (the) Arakawa River on March 21
And my first ultra marathon is (will be) the Challenge Fuji Five Lakes, which will be on April 25th
So I am wondering if I should try to run sub-3 at Arakawa or to run at an easier pace to keep my physical condition well (\"to stay in shape
I hope you can run the sub-3
Go for it, and good luck
Many small (things?)makes a great (thing
Everything is made of a collection aggregation of single small steps
Even to climb a big mountain, we should take eachone step at a time
We have a Japanese proverb like this, \"Chiri mo tsumoreba yama ni naru\", that means \"ManyA lot of dust makes a big mountain
On the other hand, In English proverbs, \"Many small (things) makes a great (thing)\", \"Many drops make a shower\", and \"Many sands will sink a ship
It was said to be caused by an infectious disease called hemolytic streptococcus. Infection in a noun
I had a sudden fever and pain in my joints of whole body just like the flu
I left work early, took OTC cold medicine, and went to bed to take a rest
I was suffering from the high fever and pain in my whole body while on my bed
Unfortunately, however, that was in vain. \"In vein\" sounds odd here. It's best to combine this sentence with the one after it. (Unfortunately, however, I could not get any better
I felt terrible even when sitting on a chair because of my fever
I went to see a doctor. It is probably best to combine this sentence and the one before it (....because of my fever, I went to see a doctor
I was checked My nose, mucosa, and urine were checked
My this disease was said to be an infection of hemolytic streptococcus
I was prescribed an antibiotic along with cold medicine, anti fever medicine, and stomach medicine
My joint pains were also relieved gradually
I will clean the room today (This title is good, but \"the\" is ambiguous. Try: I will clean my room today
Well, I declare that I will clean this room today this afternoon
I have to do what I declared
I can't keep away from doing what I make public on the internet. (This is good, but sounds awkward. Try: I can't put off doing what I make public on the internet
There are some books, some clothes, not any no wastes, but some other goods stuff as well
I will put them in their appropriate places
OK, yes, I will do it this afternoon after I will come back home
I wake up several times while sleeping at night because of the heat and humidity. If this sentence is in the past, then the proper tense would be \"woke up
I have had sleepless days during this summer
I get up early in the morning to write my journals every day, but today, I fell asleep again at the desk, so I had no time to write a journal. There is a difference between \"everyday\" (which is an adjective meaning \"common\") and \"every day\", which is used to describe something that happens daily
This was my excuse for today
Many marathon races are cancelled in Japan because of the earthquake
I get a call which said the one on May 8th was cancelled
We will work for it as volunteer staff as usual. I am not sure what you are trying to say here
The chief organizer called me last night and said
they were very sorry, but it couldn't be helped."
My Kindle is dead for the first time
I forget that it is an electronic device
I love this device with the low energy consumption e-Paper display instead of an LCD one."
After the heavy rain brought by the big typhoon, the river flows with the full speed
I hope no more rain falls
I received boots that I bought online
They were very cool, much cooler than I expected
I was very pleased a lot, of course
However, I had a problem
The size that I ordered was half a size smaller than my usual sneakers, but they were still bigger
So, I asked the online shop to change them to smaller ones
I am waiting for the replacement to come
I ran a long way round back home from work under the moonlight
It was almost a full moon
We Japanese like full moons
I have heard that full moons is not liked very much in other countries
Is that because wolf men would come and get you
For night runners it is better safer under lighter moonlight
After working hard, I called it a day at about ten o'clock
I was exhausted, and I went to the locker room to change
I combined this sentence with the sentence above
Unfortunately, when I left the building I found out that it was raining
The sun was shining brightly during the day, though
I forgot my umbrella at home, but my co-worker kindly told me he would lend me his extra one
I combined this with the sentence above
I accepted his offer, and I was able to walk home with an umbrella
I combined this sentence with the sentence above
It was raining cats and dogs. You don't need to say \"on the way home\" again. 
I put the rain cover on my backpack so it wouldn't get wet
After walking for the thirty minutes it takes for me to get home, I was almost completely soaked
It is time the for my son and daughter to decide their future course respectively
He has to select his major at his university and she has to select her university or universities she will go
They are thinking of their future course seriously and is asking us, their parents, to advise them
I feel delighted that they are growing up, but a little lonely because they are going to leave us for a very long time."
It is raining outdoor outside now
It has been a long time since it last rained
This The rain and heat in these days will enhance the growth of plants
For example, the lawn grass in our garden is now turning green
It is a hilly race which has long, steep ascents and long, steep descents, held around Mt
The elevation of the starting point is approximately 1000m high and the highest point is about 1300m
In addition, the temperature is supposed to reach 35 degrees Celsius tomorrow
What do you imagine from that name? (Or: What comes to your mind when hearing that
We will enjoy the hot climate as well as the tough course of the race (I would probably remove \"of the race\")."
Spring will is coming soon
It may be already here
With that, the season of cedar pollen will also come
My nose already notices the season change
And I have a runny nose now and then
It is because of the allergic rhinitis of I am allergic to cedar pollen
Many people must put up with the cedar pollen allergy for a while in the Spring
Our noses will be runny, our eyes will itch. Some may even sneeze or get a fever
It is a very tough season for those with allergies
Is everyone okay
Are you free from the hay fever or and other allergic diseases allergies
It was red with a ton of red hot chili peppers and it was extremely hot. [I crossed out 'hot' because at the end of the sentance you said it was hot. So there is no need for it twice
It was the my first time to go I have been to to the ramen shop
I picked up some trash, that was a bread wrapper, from the road on the way to work the day before yesterday
I felt good after that
It is very easy for us to pick up a trash, but we don't do so
The trash was likely thrown away by someone else
We may always think like this
But when I picked it up, I definitely felt good certainly
We should do at least one good thing a day
Even if it is a trivial thing
Closing Conversations
I learned phrases to use for closing conversations
Surprisingly, I didn't learn them until now (近頃なら：recently, or just recently). 
I don't know why that is. ('I don't know why that would be' might be better
I wonder if maybe I just forgot them
Well, words for closing conversation are very important in the flow of good conversation
For example, as a formula, (? もしphrases for general useならー＞常用、一般的な表現
We must get together sometime.\" ー＞「いつか会いましょう」)　(Often stated as, 'We must get together again sometime「また会いましょう」
I will speak as written above
It seems that this week was short
Maybe it was because I was out of office for to a two days business trip
I have tons a stuck of things to do in this week
Today will be a busy day.  for myself
USA team made a Team USA took the lead,. Brazil turned a the game around,. USA caught up,. Brazil lead fought back,. USA caught up again at the injury time of the extra game during the extra injury time
Students were doing some kinds of exercises and mass performance
This mass performance means that many students dances in synchrony in same dresses with musics
The dance is original by the students original and the dresses were sewn by themselves
Thanks a lot for your corrections, as always
I appreciate you making corrections and leaving comments on my journal all the time
Sometimes I am afraid if I can't improve my English. (Another possibility: \"Sometimes I am afraid of whether or not I can improve my English\", or \"Sometimes I am afraid of whether I can improve my English or not
But, NO, I realized I could
I will keep studying English here and will post journals every day as possible. (\"every day\" is like 毎日, \"everyday\" is like 日常 I think
My wife and I went to had a short trip to Hakone yesterday
It was my first time to take the that train. (although, it might sound proper to use \"the\", unless it is the first time that you've ever takenANY train in your life, you should use \"that
The train climbs the very steep incline of Hakone mountain by zigzagging their the switching back way up
There are some volcanic hot water springs and steam s with a sulfur smell
The black egg is famous, which is boiled in the volcanic hot spring. The shell turns black because of the sulfur and iron compounds in it
They say we can live seven years longer by eating every one egg
We ate two eggs respectively, that means we'll both be able to enjoy living an extended life of 14 years. so we will be able to live 14 years longer and we can enjoy the extended lifetime
On the way back home, we enjoyed riding the older, cute, retro style railroad cars, which has no do not have air conditioning ers
we opened the windows and enjoyed the cooler air in the highland
We will go again in during another season."
My Son Moved
My son moved into his apartment yesterday to start his first single life
I feel glad that he grew up, but at the same time, I feel sad and am missing him
My home seems like it is lacking something significant
Would you please pray for his good luck?"
It is a word for rewarding everyone who works hard all week
My office is also closed today, but I have to go to my office to get some parts of 「my lot of work done」？
Some of what I have to do is, for example, considering the experimental results to planning what to do next steps, and make a plans for long and medium-term R&D strategy, as well as write a letter to Singapore to make an appointment to visit some research institutes there
I have a lot of work to do and I need to get them done immediately."
We will jog to the same site where my profile picture of Mt
Fuji was taken at the last run in 2008
We will jog for 26km in total length, up to about 700m of elevation, and then back down 
We are going to have great fun  jogging very slowly and chatting to each other about things that had happened to us during the year
We have ample time to do that, because it will take about 4 hours to finish today's run
Afterwards, we will enjoy a soak in a hot spring and drinking lots of beer
But, I feel sorry about the weather
Please stop raining and give us some sunshine !"
I Rran this race yesterday
High temperature, high elevation, much of many long and steep uphills and downhills
The Sstrong sun burned us through the clear air in the highland
In the shades, the cooler breeze in the highland was cozy comfortable and water was very delicious. comfortable = 快適という意味です。 Cozyは居心地のいいという意味です。
I loved it
Here are good news
I can't tell you how relieved we are, considerring my poor English
She had made many efforts and had did very well
I hope, believe rather than hope, that the good news will come after the good news
My daughter, who is 16 years old, is now suffering from her stress
Her stress seems to cause her to overeat
She says she doesn't know what makes her stressed exactly
I hope she can overcome her stress and get back to her a mentally healthy life
I would like someone to advise her how to overcome her stress.>> to advise someone how to do st
Why did the accident happen
There was a traffic accident on the road next to the play ground while we were playing soccer
A truck suddenly ran into a fence on the ground
It ran over the sidewalk and ran into the chain-link fence at a slow speed
The truck didn't so much collapsed, and other cars and luckily people didn't get involved luckily. (In the first part - since when you have 'did' or 'didn't' in a sentence other verbs in the sentence will be written in present form. As for the second part, 'another' means 'an other', it comes before singular, before plural 'other' is correct
It was very luckily lucky
We called the police and an ambulance
There came policemen, an ambulance. The policemen and ambulance came
And also Also, an a fire-engine came there. without knowing why I don't know why., no fire was there.There wasn't any fire
According to the policemen, the driver seemed to get have gone unconscious while driving, and gowent into the fence
My friend also said the driver was not seen  at the crash. He seemed to have fallen down under the seat
But We weren't let to know why the driver had got unconscious
The driver was bringbrought to a hospital by the ambulance
We hope him not to be in so he's not in such a bad condition, and to get better soon
 Internet auctions afterwards  After Internet Auctions
I sold sell my unwanted things on internet auctions these days
I luckily got received some money and had more fun more than expected
However, some items didn't attract anyone and no one bid on them bidders
I wonder whether I had better to  have tried to throw them off or to drop the starting prices
We have planned blackouts to save electricity
The blackouts will be planned to shut off electricity for three and half hours in the Kanto, Tohoku and Chubu districts which are further divided into five areas in order
My area will be the 4th area to have electricity cut off
This electric power cut will be continued for long time
My father in law visited us the day before yesterday
He stayed here for a night and left to play golf early yesterday morning. 
Our home is located near his favorite golf courses, so he often comes over to our home on the way to there
Have you ever heard of it
Dan\" means deny, \"Sha\" means throw away and \"Ri\" means separate
We can achieve a simple life by denying, throwing away and separating from any things around us that are bothering us
I have a lot of these things that I rarely use or almost waste
I am sure you share my feeling."
In Japan, a common saying is \"疾風に勁草を知る
It has the same meaning as that of the English proverb \"In a calm sea every man is a pilot
The saying is translated to \"We can only know which plant is truly strong during strong wind
We can know who really is tough only in tough situations
Adding to that, though sometimes we may get into a difficult and tough situation, we should think of it as a good chance to improve ourselves
I'm sorry if this sounds too didactic
I just happened to remember this saying while running in the headwind
Ran to the public bath
My friends and I had a plan for refreshing ourselves
That was, to jog to a public bath, which is called Sento in Japan, to take a bath together (or \"to bathe together\"), and then to go for a drink
Doesn't that sounds good? (Or \"Sounds good, doesn't it
We did enjoy it. (Or \"We enjoyed it
It was (much) more fun to chat with 4 men during the two hour long jog than to jog by myself in the dark evening. (OR It was (much) more fun to chat with 4 men (along the way) than to jog by myself for about 2 hours
We get a day off from work tomorrow
We usually have two days off on the weekend usually, but we had work last Saturday to avoid the rolling blackouts
It was unusual, so I didn't feel refreshed enough last weekend
However, with the warmer weather, there is less electricity being consumed
So, we will not have blackouts for a while — at least for this April
To be clear, what I've written above is not an April Fools' joke
Hoping for world peace
We Everyone hopes for world peace
We have many friends all over the world to thanks to development and spread of internet communications
For example, we can use useful sites like this site (this one), lang-8
The development of scientific technology (\"technology\" is usually singular)must be used for realizing world peace and for reducing starvation and poverty
We should make every efforts to realize world peace
What can we ourselves do for that?"
Marathon Race, Yesterday
I ran a marathon (race) yesterday. Usually we just say \"marathon\". The fact that it is a race is implied. (but I'm being picky here... what you wrote isn't wrong, this is only a suggestion
As practice for next weekend's ultra marathon, I planned to run at the ultra pace: about 6'30\" \/ km, but I ran a little fast than planned. (I think this is better here
It was not so easy to run at slower than the comfortable pace
So instead of that, I ran there alone yesterday
I like the Fuji Five Lakes, which have nice scenery
I felt very good, but a little alone lonely while running
Anyway, it was a good substitute."
A Nice New Week
Another new week has started. Or: \"It's the beginning of another week
I have a bit of a headache a little this morning
Last week, the weather forecast said it would be cooler starting Monday
On Sunday, it said it would be cooler starting Tuesday, and on Monday starting Wednesday. 
Summer is still staying here and Fall hasn't arrived yet. 
Some young caterpillars are on the branches of citrus trees in our garden
Our lemon tree and grapefruits trees are almost leafless
I hope they can turn into beautiful butterflies
Hang in there, Japan! 
Yesterday the Japanese soccer team beat Denmark's team and was able to advance to the knockout stage
We Japanese were very happy for that
In spite of the time the game was shown, whether early in the morning or late in the night, many people watched the game on TV
To tell the truth, we didn't really expect our team to advance, because they lost all of their friendly matches before the World Cup (had begun
So we didn't believe they would be able to advance to the second phase, called the knockout stage
We are very happy and proud of their awesome plays and performances
We hope they'll be able to win their games one after another in the tournament
Hang in there, Japan!!"
I'll share with you an interesting figure
Which way do you think the cat is turning, clockwise or counterclockwise
Happy Merry Christmas to you all!"
I also had some time to review the questions
I thought it was better the one I took last year
However, what I good score expect is not always the score I get
I hope I can get a good score
I think my English skill is getting better step by step
I worked late until about 11pm yesterday
It made me very tired
Yesterday was no exception
I ran back home after work for half an hour at about 11pm last night
I was half asleep while running
My eyes were half shut
I was about to fall sleep while running. [or \"fall asleep on my feet
I slapped myself on the cheeks sometimes, so that I would not fall asleep
I didn't think I could not do so, but now I think I probably can
However it would be very dangerous. Of course you all know this
We must be careful not to get into an accident while running
Cutting the hedge
I pruned it heavily this time
Twelve big dust bags were filled with cut branches and leaves
I hit a bike on the way home from the office last night
The accident happened on a dark sidewalk
The bike approached straight toward me from in front of me
I stepped aside to the right
He turned toward the same side I was turning to unfortunately, so the bike bumped straight into me
Both the bike fell down and the biker fell to the ground
I was worried about his head, but he said he was alright
He was not riding on his bike very fast, so he had no injuries
Luckily, I had no injuries at all
Did I gotget interviewed
I interviewed some applicants, who were either university students or graduate school students
They presented their work at their university at first, and then we asked some questions for examiningto determine whether they are appreciateappropriate to join our company or not
It was my first time to do doingthis
So I was somewhat nervous, of course less nervous than the applicants
I'm sure it was very difficult to estimate someone's abilities, at least for me now.(I'm sure it is very difficult to estimate someone's ability. At least it was for me. OR It was very difficult for me to estimate people's abilities.)Sorry, it was just easier to just rewrite the sentence
It seemed to me that they all are great guysworkers now or will be in the future, even if some of them didn't make very good presentationimpression(?)at this time.(Sorry, had to guess at what your meant for the last bit. \"Guys\" is a bit informal for the rest of this text, so I replaced it with \"workers\". You might want to say \"people\" or \"applicants\" maybe
I felt fatigued,even exhausted after I finished all the interviews. (OR ... \"after all the interviews finished
We have a lot of rain this season
I got completely soaked by the rain
My body needs more longer sleep
There are two weekly reports and one monthly report that has to go to my laboratory president
Hot summer, gone
It was cooler than usual last night
Has the hot summer gone with the rain at last
I'll feel glad\/great if it turns out to be true, but at the same time, I feel kind of sorry
How was this summer for you? = [How was your summer
How did you enjoy this\/your summer
I ran some a detour before heading to the office. (I jogged for a bit before heading to the office
While jogging along the Sakawa river path, I caught up with a runner and cheered him on, we didn't know each other by then, but we jogged along and chatted for a while
He said he is planning to run a half marathon next month and is practicing for it
I didn't know that Father's Day was not an event only in Japan
It said \"Thanks, dad.\" Of course, I was very pleased. (either way is okay, this is an alternative
We should be good to our parents, needless to say. (There are a lot of alternatives that you could use here. But 'do good' doesn't sounds right to me
I made an entry into a 100km marathon race
It is a \"100km\" marathon
It is twice as long as an ordinary \"42.195km\" marathon
It will be held on April 25th, 2010. (If you are just saying the month you can say \"in April\" or \"in July.\" If you are saying the month and the say you will want to say \"on April 25th,\" or \"on July 3rd
This is my first time to running in a 100km race, so I don't know what will happen to me during the race and whether or not I will be able to finish it
I will train and enjoy running myself and I will definitely accomplish it
What will happen to me when I can finish it
It is taller and bigger and has many more flowers than other kinds
It starts blooming from the southern part to the northern part of Japan, so the the Sakura-Zensen , the front line of cherry blossoms, go farther the north day by day
I went jogging to one of the famous cherry blossom seeing sites to check the degree of its blooming
They will have not started blooming
I think two weeks later will be the best timing to see and enjoy them
I will go running a maranic today
This maranic is not a marathon (competition race), but one that is a marathon distance of easy and fun run
The word \"maranic\" is made of the words \"marathon\" and \"picnic
It is very fun and good for a marathon training
I should be careful not to fall slip down
This is a picture of the view of a paddy field and Mt. Fuji from a rural area
I took this photo yesterday while running on the bike trail where I jog weekly
There's no water in the paddy field in the winter
It was a very nice day (out) with not a cloud in the sky
The sharp contrast between the blue of the sky, the white of the snow on the mountain, and the color of withered rice plants on the soil is very beautiful."
The rainy season front line stays near Japan during the period because of the conflict between the high pressure systems and the low pressure systems
The rainy season helps the Japanese people grow their food. There will be a lot of freshly harvested food appearing in the shops in the coming summer and autumn. It will also rain a lot as well
He becomes is 41 years old today
He has been living in Fukuoka, where which is in Kyusyu area, in the eastern part of Japan
The elder one entered to his elementary school this April
The two brothers are very vigor vigorous and said to have fights constantly by with their mom
I wonder if my brother and I made had fights with ourselves each other in our childhood
Well, the 41 years old is said to be the critical age for a man in Japan
My daughter and my wife are arguing now again
My daughter is in her regular exam now. (I'm not sure what this is trying to say. It doesn't make sense the way it is.) 
She is not in a very good mood the very good condition mentally because she injured  has injury in her shin and can't play badminton, which she loves
She is not in a good mood and that My daughter's unpleasant mood makes her mother angry
Women are difficult, whether young or old (not so young)."
We have \"No overtime work day\" from our company [on] every Sunday.['on' is ok but not needed
We must leavetheoffice before 5:25
It doesn't matter if wehavefinished today's work or not, we must wrap them up and leave
We Japanese are so diligent, iteven contains a somewhat ironic meaning, that we have a tendency to work too much
Someone might happen to lose their health
To say the truth, we may feel relief while working on everyday's tasks, and may feel somewhat anxious when we have some free time in the evening on a weekday.[hours is ok, just suggesting time as an alternative and more general word here
We don't have any idea what to do and how to spend it. (家族と時間を過ごせる？？
Working overtime has become like a routine
About one yearhaspassed since the 'No overtime day' began,and sowe are now enjoying our after-fives in each ways
The TOEIC test
It takes about 150 minutes consisting of the listening test and the reading test sections
We need to keep concentrating during its long testing time.We have to stay concentrated during the long testing session
I have been studying a bit hard for it.I have been doing a lot of studying for the test
This is my fourth test.This is my fourth time to take the exam
I will do my best, in order to get a high score on the exam."
The thermometer said my fever was 39 degrees C
I had no headache or no stomachache, but only a high fever
It was a long time since the last time I had caught a cold
It was getting harder to work, to walk, to stand up gradually slowly
I took a cold medicine and a fever reducer, then I went to bed to lie down to and rest
In the afternoon, the fever was reduced lower and I was getting better and better
I have an eye pain now.  My eyes hurt now
My eyes are bloodshot
It's probably because of a sunburn burnt
I spent a lot of time in under the sunshine yesterday
Waterfall Training
I saw this yesterday on the way of the trail running on the mountain trail with friends
They were being beaten by the very cold water under the waterfall while yelling some Buddhist sutras
I am not sure but they may be training as Buddhist monks or for becoming Buddhist monks
As You see, they were almost naked except only Fundoshis-- Japanese traditional men's underwear. I don't have my own, unfortunately
Have you ever done the waterfall training or seen anything like this actually
I think you don't think you like blisters either
I cut off the skin and removed the fluid in the blister myself
Now, it doesn't hurt any more
Although However, I think you good boys  guys should not emulate me in completing this action yourself
Maybe you should see a doctor or something
Two rabbits, a big crab, side face of a woman, ..., Please tell let me know that.what you call the surface of the moon. "
I will be transfering to another section.(area\/region <--- better
My wife and daughter will live in my house
My family will be split."
These days, we have cooler nights than before these days than before
They are good for getting good sleep. [avoid repeating 'good' twice: They are perfect for getting good sleep
They can be
But Unfortunately, I can't haven't been able to sleep well get good sleep for a couple of months. [avoid starting a sentence with 'But', 'And', 'So'. This is a common mistake for Japanese speakers
I have only had shallow and short sleep
I've been waking up several times in the a night almost every day
I feel sleepy during the day in the daytime. ['in the daytime is correct, but 'during the day' feels more natural
It is not efficient to work while I feel sleepy. I'm not efficient at work when I feel sleepy
I am in trouble with it. This is bothering me."
That was why I couldn't run to work and not or go out for a lunchtime jog
I wanted to run because I'm now going on challenging trying to to run every single day, you know, as posted a few days before. or I am challenging myself to run every single day
Therefore, I dared to run through the rain back home from work in my casual wear, which was not for running, like a pair of jeans, a casual shirt and a jacket, and additionally\/also with the umbrella up
I probably looked like a person in a hurry to get somewhere, for example, not to be late for a train, work, dinner, or something
Anyway, at least I could get some running in yesterday
We had three cold days and four warm days in the last seven days \/ this past week. [Is that what you meant
It is raining outdoors just now
It is a cold rain
I hope it is not so cold in the Tohoku disaster area
Everyone can do it, but anyone don't either want to do it or do it in practice. Everybody can do it, but not everybody wants to. (not 100% sure what you try to say, sumimasen
I started this goal last December to achieve this goal
I ran at the gym in the heavy rain sometimes. Sometimes with heavy rain, I ran in the gym
It was very lucky for me in achieving the my goal, that my local region, inKanagawa pref
Anyway, that said, anyway, it is not so easier said than done
It will The weather will be fine today, so I can run outside, and I will achieve my goal
I can't help waiting to go running today."
I think the letters with fountain pens look better than those with ballpoint pens, I think
The writing feels smoother, so it's more comfortable for me, too
It is a casual and inexpensive, but stylish one
I set an ink converter on it, filled with my favourite ink, and wrote some letters
I loved it. If you are talking about loving the pen, and still love the pen, then you need to keep your sentence in the present tense. Using the past tense while talking about the pen, as in \"I loved it\" means that either: 1) you do not love the pen anymore or 2) you don't have that pen anymore.If you are talking about loving the experience with that pen, then you can write, \"I love writing with that pen
But I had something trouble with it
Does it need to be repaired
or replaced?, I wondered and asked to the pen shop I bought it from
They said that a repair is not necessary, it will be all right if it's washed, left to dry and resetting the ink converter
And then, the ink stopped leaking from my favorite pen! You can also combine this sentence with the previous sentence like so: \"Well, I did it and the ink stopped leaking from my favorite pen
Needless to say, I loved it more than before
At the ambassador secretary's office
I went to the ambassador secretary's office to have a meeting yesterday
It was the first time for me to go to such a place
I didn't have any of such opportunities ever before
It was for discussing about regarding our visit to a foreign country
I met an (the) ambassador secretary and talked with him. Using \"an\" indicates there may be more than one ambassador secretary
He spoke Japanese very fluently as if he was Japanese and introduced us to his country's industry and economy, which is his work, of course
He may probably become an ambassador or at something important post some day, I believe
This visit was a very good experience for myself."
I went to a barbershop to make have my hair cut
But the shop was closed, unfortunately
It is usually open on the weekend
I think it should be open on weekends
Were there some troubles or something at the shop
I wish you have a great year 2011
I'm going to see the first sunrise at the top of a mountain
Both teams scored and scored, and the match was 2-2 after the game
In the extra game overtime, both teams added goals(scored equally), and the match went into a penalty shootout
I was very excited while watching the game
That's why I am now lacking sleep (tired
My brother brought his fiancee to our home to introduce her
We we were a little nervous at first, but we quickly became friends with each other
She is a very nice woman
We are also pleased about their marriage
I watched the world cup qualifying game between Japan and Uzbekistan late last night
It was a kind of an exciting game
But the Japanese team looked like less aggressive, so they could not get any goals until the second half
I thought they should have been to be more aggressive for getting in attacking the goals
They have to shoot more. <- or \"take more shots\""
I ran a 10km race that is held monthly yesterday
That is my 40th consecutive race of the monthly road race
It was freezing cold and sleeting furthermore yesterday
Usually, there are about 30 participants run
8 or more newbies newcomers joined us this time, and around 70 ran in that under these conditions
Running and jogging became very popular in Japan because of the recent health consciousness
More than 200 thousand people sent applications to the Tokyo Marathon 2010, which it was far more than before
Running is now more and more popular in Japan
What about in your country?"
I hope spring is coming soon
It is cold every day. (\"I go to work every day\" vs \"His everyday routine was dull\". \"Everyday\" is an adjective
I hope spring is coming soon
I will go on a business trip from today, even though I've been on my summer holiday
Did this business trip make me not to go on our private trip
No, we planned to go on our private trip after my business trip
I will go to Kobe on my business trip, and after that, me and my family will go to Kyoto. (This is more natural)"
I recorded and kept some TV programs like dramas, movies, comedy shows, and etc in the HDD recorder
In addition, we have one TV shared amongst our family
I want to see some series of dramas at as my top priority
I like a historic story, a suspense story, an action story, and so on, and keep them in on the HDD
How can I pick up from them
I went to the office yesterday, on Saturday, because I had some work to do
But I couldn't concentrate on my work then, so I called it a day early and went shopping and browsing for to refreshing myself
I bought an used pair of levis for my daughter. [< The nornal rule for \"an\" and \"a\" is an exception here 
It was a nice shopping trip
To us, it seems like a Fall kind of sound
Several kinds of insects, or bugs, are singing their love songs
While I hadn't noticed that the buzzing of (the) summer cicadas had decreased and the singing of (the) fall insects had increased.(Or \"I didn't notice that the buzzing of (the) summer cicadas was decreasing and the singing of (the) fall insects was increasing
The sounds and smells\/scents of Fall are increasing (all) around us."
The methods of successful brain training for runners, by Prof
Nariyuki Hayashi, who is a professor of the Dept
of Emergency and Critical Care Medicine, Nihon Univ., are quoted below
Focus on what you're doing
Try your best and give 100% concentration to your efforts, even while  training. -- or \"Try your best, and concentrate fully, even while training
Take care to keep a good posture
Keep your focus even when reducing the amount of practice before races
Have a strong independent will
I suppose that this is great advice not only for runners, but for all of us
No hesitating either! -- I think you meant \"No hesistating too\", but that doesn't sound natural."
Spam Mails (it is uncommon to use \"mails,\" usually we just say \"mail\" even when there is more than one
I received some spam mails on lang-8 consequently these days recently
This spam mails came from various women
I am not sure they actually are women, but they have women's names
They ask me to send them an emails
They don't have either journal entries nor friends. (Another way to say it is \"They have neither journal entries nor friends
Did you receive similar mails
We have a three-day weekends in Japan
I have a plan to run to Hakone today
It will be the hottest week in a year in Japan following the rainy season
Students in Japan have summer vacation from the end of July to the end of August
Office workers also have about a week of vacation
I have no plans for my vacation
Have a good summer, everyone![or]Have good summer days, everyone!"
Amazing goal achieved
My friend achieved one a great goal yesterday
He ran 100 marathons during 100 consecutive 100 days
Can you imagine running 100 marathons in 100 days
It is surely a world record! of running consecutive marathon races, of course. (simple alternative
Could anyone challenge this
I also ran his 100th marathon yesterday and celebrated (with?) him
He really inspired me. was inspired much
Sorry, it's in Japanese
I should buy a carry case for travel abroad before the end of this month
I will go on a four-day, three-night trip to Singapore
I want to get one of a carry-on size carry case
I have an expandable briefcase, but it is a little small for a three-night trip
Besides, I have to get kinds of stuff (things) for travel abroad, too
It's my first business trip to abroad, and I don't have travel goods
I must list what to buy on ahead of time
I am really excited. very much
I will concentrate on cheering for our team."
I did an early morning run yesterday while finding a new route including a hill course for incline training
I could found a good route among a nice fall scenery in the countryside
I loved the new route
The quake hit seriously damaged some nuclear power plants in the northern Japan
There is serious damages there
It is now a serious emergency
Their core were overheated and there was a melt down, so the experts have been working on it
The accidents are similar to the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl incidents
We hope the accidents don't worsen into be a catastrophe."
I have some a slight hangover
I drunk drank too much
Anyway, it is supposed to be a nice weekend for all
It is the Challenge Fuji Five Lakes Ultra Marathon held on April 25th
I will run 100km for the first time
I have ran more than 10 full marathon
It must be so tough that i'm not sure what would happen to me
I am sure that i'll be able to push through it
It is exciting, very exiting
I can't wait for it
Besides, Moreover, we have to save electricity this summer especially more than ever. 
There are many people that have been sent to hospital with heat stroke so far
We have to take care of our health in this hot summer even without consuming too much electricity consumption
I watched a TV drama called \"Inspectors of Atami\", which I recorded on a HDD recorder
It is a drama series spanning 8 episodes. (A simpler alternative would be \"with
I watched the next to last episode yesterday. (It might be fun to use the word \"penultimate\" here, but even most native English speakers don't know what that means
The main casts are Joe Odagiri, who is famous for being a good looking actor, and Chiaki Kurihara, who played a crazy murderer in \"Kill Bill\" as a crazy murderer
Some other good actors star in the drama as important supporting characters
The real criminal was not identified, but the mystery was clarified soon
We had record heavy rain here and there in Japan
Trains were stopped and a lot of roads were closed to traffic
My daughter had to sit and wait in the stopped train for a long time on the way (back) from high school
The typhoon caused serious damages to several areas in Japan
Some houses, and many cars, and so on were swept away by the overflowing water."
I appreciate everyone for your corrections and comments on my journal entries
I am very grateful for your kindness, from the bottom of my heart
I think that is why I can post journals everyday even if they are narrow and not useful for anyone
Anyway, do you think it's acceptable to request a friend invite from someone who has corrected (some of) my journal entries
However, I am only able to correct posts written in Japanese
What do you think about this
How about where you are living
I trimmed some branches off the trees, weeded the garden, mowed the lawn and fertilized it with the chemical fertilizer
It was all nicely done, and the garden ended up looking better
World Cup Soccer
The World Cup soccer games arenowgoing onin South Africa
There was a game between Japanand Cameroon late last night
Surprisingly, the Japanese team won
To tell the truth, I could not watch the complete game on TV, as I fell asleep about the end of the 1st half
p) I am sorry that I could not watch the whole game live
This current Japanese team is said to be weeker than former ones
Nevertheless, they won the first game
We, not only soccer fans, but many other Japanese people, are glad to hear the good news and will cheer the Japan national soccer team more than ever
A) Full moon and many thunders lots of thunder
I saw a full moon and many thunders lots of thunder at the same time last night
The full moon was in the southern sky and the thunders flashed far away in the northern sky many times
What a beautiful and funny summer night it was. Alternative: What a beautiful and interesting summer night it was
The weather report said the state of atmosphere was not stable, so record levels of heavy rain fell in Hokkaido
But in the Kanto area, where we live, we don't have a lot of rain these days
The plants in the pots have dried up
The instability of the state of atmosphere shows with the changing the season, I guess
My daughter and wife are quarreling now
It was caused by trivial things
combine with previous> such as, what time to wake her up, whether to make her lunch box, and so on
My daughter is annoyed by her shin injury
It prevents her from playing badminton at her school club activity
She is very nervous because of it
This makes my wife irritated at everything
They started arguing, and it heated up
My wife got angry and mad at it all
They are in a bad mood now
I wonder how I can reconcile the situation."
What do you do with your old and unwanted clothes
We Japanese cleaned our house at the end of the year
So did Our family did as well
How much do you think there were
There were more than expected last year, more than 150 litres in total volume, actually. [...Measuring clothes in litres is rather strange. Is this what you meant
I brought them to a recycle shop, but they could not be received during new year holidays
So I have to take them again this weekend
I got tired but I had a fruitful work.>> ..but it was a success [sounds more natural to me
I will run the Tokyo Marathon today
Breakfast, dressing, and so on, I am going to go now."
I could not get up early as usual like I usually do
Once, I got up once, but I set an my alarm and fell asleep again
The marathon in the summer's burning heat made me worn out
My body needed enough a lot of sleep to recover last night
This is my excuse for getting up late this morning
It was my first time going there
It takes about one and half hours to get there
I have to take a local train, the super express for an hour, and then drive a car for more than half an hour
I am wondering if I can get used to this commuting like this
We started at 1pm on Saturday, ran laps in Hiratsuka Sougou Kouen Park (「公園」は「Park」という意味、Kouen Parkという言葉は「公園公園」です）, relayed amongｓｔ 7 members on our team, battled against the heat in the daytime and the sleepiness at night, and at last finished at 1pm on Sunday with an unmeasurable sensation
It was my first time to run a 24h relay, I was very excited and loved it
The committee includes representatives from some\/several companies and will work\/will last for about a year. Using \"one year\" is correct also, but usually, when the amount of years is only 1, we can just use \"a year\" instead. Example: I will go abroad for about a year
We broke into some work groups to study issues
Surprisingly, I was appointed as a (work) group leader yesterday
It seems like a big task
I think I will (try to) do my best."
My wife and I went shopping to Machida, where is a suburban city of Tokyo
It took about an hour by train from our home. [What you had was also correct, but saying \"an hour\" sounds more natural :). 
I planned to buy a shirt which was introduced shown on TV
They said it has a good quality with a low price
I got a white, a little pinkish one
It is certainly very as good as expected
I will put on it it on for today's business trip
My daughter has an interview for the entrance examination of a high school this afternoon. [does she have to interview before she takes the exam? or is she doing the exam as well?] 
I hope she'll do well. 
She has been studying hard lately, and got good marks on some trial exams
Thank you for making the efforts to allow us to visit you
We are looking forward to meeting you on the 2nd of November
I have some requests and also some information
 Please let us know where and when should we go on the 2nd
 We will have a party of 8 people as follows
 Please arrange taxis for us to move between your programmed facilities
 Can we visit you in formal clothes or is informal clothing acceptable? I think wearing formal clothes (suit, etc) is more professional, especially if you are visiting their faculty\/facilities\/etc
Thank you again and best regards
About a hundred of 5 to 10 centimeter cuts of runners or stalks of vital lawn grass were planted on the dead area of them
After that, I watered them a lot
I hope they will root and grow up soon
I wonder if it is so hot that they will be drieddry up
Well, the grass is a type of summer grass, so I guess they can grow up well, I'm sure
I love gardening even during the hot summer
I can have a find it to be peaceful time
She is turning 71 years old. \"Is turning\" is more natural in English
To get there we will be taking the Shinkansen super express for about 3 hours. this sounds more natural
We both love my brother and his wife
We wish that they will have a very happy life forever."
We are having a get-together at work tonight, so I didn't run, but walked to work in 30 min this morning
That's because I don'tdidn'twant to go the restaurant with my usual running gears on. (even though you may have more than one item on, gear means the whole running outfit
When I'm not running, it is too cold with them onwith just my running gear on.It's enough to get a cold
I put on trousers, a knit hat\/shirt(? Don't know what you mean), and a coat today unlike usual me."
Excuse for today's oversleeping
I came home late last night from the business trip in a packed train
It was very tough to be in such a crowded train
It was so packed that I couldn't breath well in the train. -is that what you meant by \"breeze
Is this a good enough excuse for oversleeping today
He put some fishes into my tank, which were unfamiliar for to me
This was a story from my dream several days ago
The National Center Test for University Admissions is being held today and tomorrow
My eldest son will take the examination, so he left home just now
I hope he can pass the entrance examination so he will be able to go to the university of his first choice
BTW, there is another one.(another test
BTW, my daughter will be taking an entrance examination to the high school of her choice in the week after next, too
They both have to take an exam but not I
Now, what can I do for them as their father
To cheer themup, to take care of their needs, 
No, I don;t think so. They have to be on their own
What I can do is just to be my usual self
I went for cycling to Kamakura with my wife yesterday
This cycling is our annual event in the Golden Week holiday
First we rode to the sea, to Enoshima through the seaside route
It is famous for very fresh seafood. (\"It\"  may refer to Enoshima or the restaurant
We visited the shrine, Turugaoka Hachimangu
We had a wonderful holiday."
My LAN router has two networks
The PC and the printer were not in the same network, so the PC could not print any documents using the printer
I configured them into the same network to make the PC recognize the printer on its network
I finished one of my challenges finished
My ten\/seven\/thirty straight days running finished finally. (you need to write a number before \"straight days
Yesterday it was abnormally cold yesterday for a spring day
Furthermore, it has been raining all the day
Thus, one of my challenges was to finally run every single day at last
Eventually, my record was the straight 123 straight days eventually
Another three days weekend
I will run in a 24 hour relay race at the Hiratsuka Park
We will compete to see how far we can run in 24 hours
It will be a lot of fun!"
Actually, I don't like to run while getting soaked in the rain especially in early Spring
If I run in a warm season like Summer, I like running in the rain
Anyway, I was prepared to get soaked during the marathon
Do you wear a wristwatch when you go jogging or running
But then I also felt being set free from caring about my running time
I have always run while thinking about how fast, for how long, and how far I run
Running does not always need to be a competition against someone
We can enjoy it more than that
We can enjoy just running, that is easier and more relaxed, like walking and hiking, for example
Take it off and leave it in your home, and go running
And then, you will probably feel very good!"
The Meteorological Agency announced yesterday the end of the rainy season in areas including Kanto
It feels hotter but less humid yesterday than before
After working long overtime, I ran back home from my office for to refreshing myself last night
New years' days are seems to me as if it was yesterday
By the way, we should have a worth quality time every day and every month. (Not sure I understood what you meant here
My new month's resolution is that I will write entries everyday on February
I am very sorry that my today's entry doesn't contain anything contents
It seems it is just for the declaration of my resolution
Which one is correct, \"February begins\" or \"February starts\" ?"
To your family, to your friends ,to your neighbors, to your coworkers, to strangers, and so on
Many people taking a morning walks or bike rides. 
Most of them greet me back, too
It is a happy feeling to exchange morning greetings with warm smiles, don't you think so? 
When I could exchange good greetings with people, I feel it will be a nice day
I will go to the Yokota Air Base to run a marathon today
The air is clear. 
The sky is sunny. 
It's a brightening and shining day
It was her first date in her life
She went to the Tanabata Festival in Hiratsuka, which is one of the more popular festivals here
Well, this post is not about the date of Hikoboshi and Orihime, who are the couple of the Tanabata legend, but the one of my daughter and her boy friend
It took a long time for her to choose clothes and makeup
She asked me many times if she looked odd
Of course she looked very pretty to me
She reported to us all; her family, about her date after she came home
She said her boyfriend is very tender towards her
See seemed to have had a happy and fun time on her first date
Do you remember your first date
Of course it is my great sweet memory."
Tried to climb Mt. Fuji, but couldn't finish 
My wife and I went to climb Mt
Fuji, but on the way, I felt bad and dizzy, maybe because of low blood sugar or altitude sickness
I had to go back after reaching the seventh station
The Difficulty of posting daily entries
I decided to make daily posts on the lang-8 journal at the beginning of this year as for my my new years resolution. (Since it is your New Year's resolution, it can be assumed that you started at the beginning of the year
But I found it very difficult to consistently post journals on every single day
At First, why do I post
And I want to make friends with people from around the world. (\/people from foreign countries) (\"Foreign people\" isn't wrong, I thought it just sounded better to change it
The Ssecond, what should I post
The ordinary stuffs around me may be ordinary for me, but may not be ordinary for you, especially in foreign countries. Things that are ordinary to me may not be ordinary to people from other countries
I always understand it. (Not sure what you are trying to say in this sentence. What do you always understand
When I write, I want to write interesting and useful journals, eh
There
I made today's post
I finished enjoying browsing boots to buy, and decided to buy a good pair of boots at last
They are an early Christmas present for myself
I ordered them from a shop on the web
I couldn't have found the same type of boots in stores nearby, so I ordered them from the web
I am slightly afraid whether they will fit my feet (or not
I think they will fit because they are lace-to-toe boots
I am looking forward to receiving them
A big and strong typhoon is approaching
Now it is near on the south of Japan in the Pacific Ocean and heading north toward Japan very slow
The slow typhoons bring much rain and serious damages
We had a lot of rain yesterday and it will have today and this weekend, according to the weather forecast."
Got an iPod touch
It's a new iPod touch. (I think this is more natural
I ordered it last Saturday and received it yesterday. (Your sentence wasn't wrong but I think it's better not to use the passive in this case
I installed some apps from Apps Store and musics\/songs from my itunes
With this iPod touch and WiFi connection, we can use email, Twitter, Facebook, and so on
We can use it like as a telephone, nevertheless it is not an iPhone
We had an important meeting of our business meeting yesterday
I could not wake up at the usual time
Anyway, TGIF
What do you say in English when you leave home
And what do you say when coming back home
In Japanese we say, \"Ittekimasu\", which means \"I will leave home.\" and \"Tadaima\" : \"I just came back home
I ask your favor to tell me these expressions
I also what to know those in other languages."
Yesterday, I managed to complete the long distance ultra marathon
Fuji and its beautiful lakes was great; many volunteers worked for the runners very kindly, and many local people in the area cheered very friendly and warmly
I ran this race for the second time. At The first time was last year and I had run 100km
It was tougher than I expected
But I finished it
But it is even somehow comfortable."
We will discuss not only the team tasks but also individual tasks too
It is very important for us to do a good job
I hope it will be a meaningful and worthwhile meeting
I hope I do a good job
Have you made your new year's resolution for 2011
To be nicer to others around me than before, especially to my wife
To prioritize other before not to myself but to others
I have to clarify the goal at first.to clarify the goal first
To complete my first 112km ultra marathon by the end of April
I want to have friends with whom I can speak English
Do I have some stresses
We enjoy running and viewing the beautiful sunset and the color changing of the sky to the dusk. color of the sky changing when it was dusk
We spoke about various things while running
I am sure she is at the age of weight-conscious
Most women are sure to wish to lose weight, not at special age, but at all age. Most women wish to lose weight not at a special age, but at all ages
We had a fun time."
I went to watch the movie Harry Potter yesterday
It was the last one of the Harry Potter series
I enjoyed both the books and the movies in the Harry Potter series
The main characters grew up over the years and throughout the series, the actors and actresses did too
The last movie was interesting
But if you are going to see the movie, it's better to have read the original work before going to the cinema
If you do that, it will be much more enjoyable."
Unfortunately, it started raining late at night
I could not run back home in the rain, so I took a train to home for and it took about an hour
But I did not have usual clothes, but only my sports outfit for running, such as which has no sleeves and half pants
I took train with the in my running outfits
So there were not many people in on the train and or at the stations
I felt ashamed, even though I knew no one looked at me. [This is ok, but you could also say \"even though I knew no one was looking at me
I will dance at the year-end party of my division tomorrow
It will be like a short performance for myself
I have to learn, memorize and to keep in my memory, and to dance by myself in front of my colleagues at the party
I have some not particularly expensive ones.[You can say 'pens' again, but as you are already talking about them as the subect, 'ones' sounds more natural
They each cost less than ten dollars
They are just for my casual use
I can write with them more smoothly than I can with ballpoint pens because of the  viscous oil-based ink.comparisons are tricky. You have to compare nouns with nouns and verbs with verbs
I have a number of beautiful colored ink for fountain pens made by Montblanc, Perikan, Sailor, and so on
Blanc, Perikan, Sailor, and so on
The bottles of ink are very beautiful too
I enjoy writing with them at work and at home every day.[Note the space in 'every day'. --> You use these everyday pens every day
The last thing that I have to do is to write memorable things like articles, journals, essays, paintings, 
I like early mornings in the summer
It has a distinct atmosphere, don't you think so
Early birds are singing and the air is fresh before the sunrises
It seems to gets hot during the day, but we can it feels fresh in the early morning
The Another hot day will begin today also
I am busy at work, in these days
The monthly total amount of overtime was over 100 hours in straight two straight months. (or two months in a row
I have to do many things on in my job in order to achieve many big and small goals
I have to do submit daily, weekly and monthly reports to my big bosses respectively
I feel that time flies
My body feels sore here and there
Many other walking events are also held in Japan
The old and the young take part in the events and enjoy walking and seeing the scenery. (I simplified this
It was very nice weather yesterday
Not so cold or hot, without chilly wind
We enjoyed walking in the rural area, by an orange field, riverside, oceanside, and so on
Those made my muscles sore
I make it a habit to get up early and study English in the morning. (Similar pattern to \"I make it a priority...\" Also correct would be \"I make a habit of getting up
However, I can not get up early these days. (\"These days\" implies the present
Even if I wake up once, I go back to sleep again for about an hour
In my mind I want to get up early, but my body want to sleep more. (You don't only want to get up early in your mind, but in reality. 
It may be because I can't sleep well at night
Well, it's all right
I don't think I have to blame myself for oversleeping
I want to rate all of them highly, but I can not do so, as you know. [it's more natural to write 'I want to give all of them good (or excellent) ratings but I can't, as you may expect
Some can be highly-rated, and others can not be. [it's more natural to write 'I can only give a high rating to some of them
I feel sorry for them all the time. [it's more natural to write 'I always feel sorry for those who won't get a good rating.']"
We came back home from Kobe just now
Japan's National Team couldn't win the game with Paraguay yesterday
The game went into the penalty shoot outs and Japan lost in it, unfortunately
It has been growing very fast in these days
I couldn't cut it last weekend, so it has grown too high
I think I would have cut it this weekend, but it's a pity that I can't do so now due to the rain now. (Or \"I thought I would cut it this weekend, but
I should put that\/it off that till the next weekend
I just start Lang-8
I'm a student
English is very hard."
Japan should wake up and recover our identity and live humbly and simply and stop relying too much on imports for food
and so is my husband, Louis. (這個用法好像要跟前面那句用逗點連成一句話
★He said that we're in the world of SF
My boss said,  \"you are in charge today, well, they need to be able to talk politely!\" 
My boss said that I should plan the training but not change the basis. 
The bosses of this hotel were too strict with the new workers , and a lot of new faces have left it so far
I wanted to make the training more cheerful and wanted to give the new employees a good feeling, so I planned the training
My boss said that I should plan the training but not change the basis. 
By the way, the training includes linguistic training
I'm not very good with that, because I haven't  lived abroad like all the other employees
Because only I have not lived abroad in all the employees
Therefore, even though  I have been studying English, Russian, Korean, Italian, Portuguese, and Chinese, I'm not fluent
Next, I'll have to be fluent in Korean for the hotel
The following phrases are the  English that we practiced today
Anytime next week will be fine
Your room is 1230 on the 1277th floor
One of them started laughing saying that it couldn't be
Are we in the fantasy world right now?\"  (SF? Science fiction
Another man said, laughing
And a new employee wondered whether the hotel was in the space colony
I asked her what was so funny
One woman said that everybody who was laughing atsuch a thing wasn't that smart
I thought it was too  late to stop now 
Therefore,　I said that  now I have more responsibilities, but I am getting paid just the same. 
Then all the new employees laughed again
However, I was a little bit too serious.～～；
I think that maybe I will apologize to my boss for having made the training petty."
It is better not to give up(?)."
【A very long entry】　P.S. I'm so sorry, these are very long sentences, but it's light reading
I had been in a difficult situation all this week long
In my company, while I had gone to South Korea to take an official trip till yesterday, the problem occurred
I heard the  problem for the first time yesterday
That is my first boss staged a walkout and is not working at our office any longer for three days
★The reason is because our company's boss B decided to get fire his subordinates (they are my colleagues
I asked boss B about me  because boss A wasn't there, which three people had to restructure from our fellow workers. 
I declined, and went on strike too
My boss A was surprised and said, \"you have courage to actually  refuse my request
Boss B closed the company and said said he forgave my opinion.  
He gave me a severe look and was standing silently in front of me for a moment 
The next day I was invited to his room
He said to me, \"to that end,you must work  harders and follow my instructions
Because of that, I wasn't able to take any days off during the national holidays in May
So,I have been getting the National holiday of the taking the place since yesterday. 
I probably look cheerful, but I feel conflicted because of this problem. 
I want be indispensable  at work."
I am planing to go to Canada on a business next week
But if I  go abroad, I will suffer from jet lag during ※April and May
Even a doctor 
didn't doesn't know the cause
If it is a Korean business trip, I don't worry since it is close to my country
Maybe from now on, I will refuse to go on business trips
I am hesitating because I have never been to Canada. 
Because I have never been to Canada
My comming comingback 1st time
It has been over one week that I do havenot sign in this corner, . Today I find that there is not any new friend visit here,.Perhaps I need spend more time on this platform, but how can I finish my works???"
My nickname \"Unicorner\" means \"the corner of you & I\", friends from all over the world are welcomed to visit this corner and leave words
Usually students feel sleepy in the afternoon class, so the teacher ask us some interesting questions, 
And I think these interesting questions is a good topic to chat with your friends
Look at the following questions and after you finish it, take a look at the explanations below
Q1: Write down your short story which includes a rabbit, a bridge, 
a key, and yourself
Q2: You’re walking into a forest, what animal do you see first
sight in the forest
Describe how you feel about this animal
Q4: And Then you enter a little cottage with a table inside, what’s the
Q5: There’s a cup on the table, what do you think how much water is in the cup
I don’t like online games, it has no good story, and all you need to do is beat the monsters again and again then it never ends…
But many people enjoy it because they can make friends by beating a boss monster or defend their castles together
It really provides good social function but it's just not what I’m looking for
If I were serving on a jury, I would say that the three survivors were guilty, even though the cabin boy as a was a volunteer to sacrifice himself, and even though the cabin boy was the loser of their lottery game
Some people might said argue: the cabin boy was just an orphan, and the survivors had families, and the boy’s life kept all three of them alive
But in my opinion, no one has power to decide whether another should be live or die; if we accept that they were left no choice but to kill the cabin boy to live, does it mean (if you have the verb 'does' then 'mean' can't have an S at the end of it) which we believe in human rights which we believe in (this is WEIRD to me, to say \"believe in\" for human rights, because to me it seems that it doesn't matter if you believe in them or not - they are still rights; also, it almost sounds like you can pick and choose which rights you believe in, or that everyone believes in them, which both are untrue... I'd leave it out the bold, personally), such as that all men are born with the natural right to life, could be broken in special occasions?"
On last Tuesday, I felt tired from all morning, but I managed to go to the college
After the third lesson, I absented myself  from the fourth lesson and went home because of my too extreme tiredness
As soon as I got home, I went to bed and fell sound asleep
I opened my eyes at about at 6 o'clock and but felt even more tired much more
My mother and I went took me to a the hospital
The doctor said that this disease was \"A　type Type A influenza.\" 
I had an the absurd idea that my blood type is O
Anyway, I was instilled(inoculated?) and took some medicines
I felt that I had to run with a 10t ton weight
For About for 4 days, I wandered drifted between 38 and 39 degrees
After that, I got on a bath scale the bathroom scales and found my weight had dropped decrease 3kg
I could sleep as if my body got rotten like the dead and moreover I could lose 3kg my weight could get 3kg less
It's what is called \"kill killing two birds with one stone
It was a reward for me, whom when I felt rough and painful."
This is my first diary is first
A foreigner was hospitalized in my department
I wanted to take care of him,but I couldn't do enough, because I cannot speak English well
Have you been hospitalized in Japan? Was there a nurse who could speak English
I am studying hard in case you are hospitalized in Japan!"
Today is a holiday☆
I had a night shift yesterday
So today is a holiday！
I slept until daytime because I was tired
But I woke up in the afternoon
So I went out to drink to Ebisu☆ I am drunk a little drunk now
Then,I was not even able even to talk his wife..."
When it turned to On the second part of the speaking test, I misunderstood the question. I understand what you mean, but most native speakers will just say \"On the second part
The topic was describing a new skill you learn with a computer, I was so nervous that I ignored the most important word 'new
First Diary
I'm a Japanese high school student
I (will) practice writing an English composition
My hobby is watching Japanese animation! (\"watching\" would be a better word for this
Let's get along well
Yours sincerely
because alot of people commented on my diary
It is difficult to study English composition myself\/alone
So Lang-8 is very very great!!!! Or \"useful
I will do my best to study English
Writing a diary is difficult
English grammar and English composition is particularly very difficult
So, I'll write a diary to improve my English
Please correct my diary!"
This band is very well known in Japan
But I have not listened to it 
By the way, this band name \"Asian Kung-Fu Generation\" is a little bit funny, isn't it
GANPURA (Gundam's plastic model
I was invited by friend to go and  went to buy GANPURA(Gundam's plastic model), In despite of I have never making a plastic model before including Gundam
In despite of I have never making a plastic model including Gundam
But...such a robot is boy's eternal Roman
Only looking at the parts, I already feel exited
In other countries, Is are there any such plastic models and figures
If you know, please tell me
Incidentally, I bought HYAKUSHIKI and ZAKUⅡ for my first GANPURA
In an Instant
6 months passed in an instant this year
Hi, this is Ichi
Looking back, a half year ago, I applied for a leave of absence by power and worked hard on a part-time job so hard
Then it is little time until my departure
10 days later, I'm on top of the Pacific Ocean with an airplane
It is impossible to believe changing things around me
because I put a neck tie on my suit and said \"A motive I want to work in your company
etc\" till half a year ago
Frankly speaking, Working Holidays is estimated by companies unlike differently from a regular going abroad to study
It is said that it is difficult to promote a plus factor compare with to a normal college days that you take 4 years from the day that you enter to graduate
but
Is it a lack of my sense of crisis
Well, It is too late to cancel, all things are up to me
I wish study hard and to be pleased with my life and say \"I didn't mistake then.\" in a at the time when I come my coming back."
and trade has been active from a long time ago, so many buildings like in Europe remain
Do you have any other questions about Japan
Today, I went to Akashi to get my driver's license
But I've already had a motorcycle's license 
I look like a criminal 
Why does everyone's driver's license photograph have nasty look?? (you can say \"mug shot\")"
Before this,I went to snowboarding in Ontake at Nagano Prefecture
But I hadn't gone in a long time
I had a little disturbance on the road to the mountain
But after my second try and the times after my sence was coming back,so I didn't 
collapse anymore
l love all my friends very much
But l have a special friend
This friend is a girl
l can talk to her my about everything without no concern hesitation
And she talks to me about everything too
ln Japan,when I call this girl \"my best friend\",my other friends 
l think she is beyond a lover
I have nothing to say, but I like her very much
In japan,they say\"For men, a girl is can't be a best friend
My name is Mike
This is my first diary
So I want to introduce myself
I am senior high school student
I have a lot of hobbies
I enjoy listening to music, reading books, playing the piano, playing the guitar
and so on
I want to talk about my guitar
My guitar is a Tylar 114ce
Because It makes a very nice sound, and matches my singing voice
Last, I'll talk about my favorite musicians
I like YUI, Hata Motohiro, bump of chicken, and Mr
Children
If you know any good singers, please tell me."
It was very exciting for me
But I thought Japan won the game out of luck. (or you could say:) But I thought Japan just got lucky
So I think it'll be hard for Japan to win WBC this year
I thought this more and more when l saw the third game, when Japan lost to Korea
Korea is very strong, and especially strong when playing against Japan. (i wasn't sure exactly what you wanted to say, so I guessed
I worried about Ichiro, the Major Leauge Baseball player--he is in very bad conditions. (do you mean his health or his baseball skills
But in the final game, he had four hits and final shot. (i'm not sure what that means... do you mean he scored the point that won the game
And Japan broken Korea and got first prize. (instead of broken, you could say pummeled, or smashed, or took down, etc. 
Today,my high school class held a surprise wedding party
Everyone likes her, so we felt very happy for them
In the her last class, the teacher send us a letter for the each of us
When I read the letter I was moved and I cried
I did a comedy show with a my friend, at the surprise party
Everyone was laughing very much
The last song we sang was \"HAPPY DAY
Our teacher likes music and especially this song
and I saw tears in our teacher's eyes
I pray for our teacher's happiness."
of this winter
I went out in with warm clothes and a muffler
But I forgot to bring my gloves
So I felt very cold, and I couldn't stop shivering
But I am going to go out in this evening,so I must not forget my gloves like last time
How is the weather in your country
I had finished my\/the last exams
I feel released. ----I thinkgreat free is no good. 
The spring vacation starts  from 20th,March
I`m planning to go to ski, play with my friends, and practice guitar very hard
I'm thinking of practicing \"I'm Yours\"by Jason Mraz the next song
Because I want to get a good score in Spring exam
So I'm thinking of reading the English books
Do you know any book good for English study - and interesting?   ----I would like to say \"Do you have any suggestion on books for English study? 
Nowadays,e-mail is a very popular communication method
lf you ride trains,you can look see a lot of people using cellphones
Or if you are walking down the street, many people walk with while using their cellphones
One, it's takes a long time
Two, sometimes we can't get a reply soon. -> OR ...we can't get a quick reply
And l can give you more points,but l don't have much English skills
As for me, there are more E-mail's bad points is more than it's good points of using e-mail. -> OR ' As for me, the bad points of using e-mail outweigh the good points
How What do you think?"
I have to presentation in frount of everyone
I had not been able to write in my diary lately,because I had many things to do
For example, I have a presentation tomorrow
This presentation is about animal life in Okinawa, Japan
They face crisis due to the intrusion of foreign animals
The foreign animals prey on animals native to Okinawa , push\/displace them from their homes
and also cause ｈybridization
Have you had to give a presenntation in front of so many people
My mother said \"I will attend it.\" so I feel very stressed
Last week, I sang and played the guiter guitar in front of my friends
Because one of my friends will move to Shizuoka,so we a held good-bye party last week
I had have been played playing the guiter guitar for two years,but I had have never played it in front of so many peaple
So I had tension very much anxiety
During When I was played playing it,time passed very very fast
I did not remember this time,but my friend said to me \"you did a good job\",\"very good song
I played the song is TOKYO which is sang by YUI
I will practice practise morenag and more,and I want everyone to hear my songs. -> 'practice'= 練習, 'practise' = 練習する
Do you know of any the countries
I want to study abroad after I graduate from the high school
I want to study English and I want to be an English teacher for children
I'll go there in about two years
Do you know the good countries and places for studying English? and very good place
Please tell me. <- Or another way to say it is Please let me know."
Lately, we have had rain every Friday in my town
The temperature has still been low. -OR- We have still been having low temperatures
By the way, we have not had snow
Most of winters, we have snow a few times
I have an exam
I have an English exam tomorrow
Today my English teacher said, \"I'll test you on a lot of accents.\" or \"I'll ask you questions in many accents
I don't like accents, but I want to get points, so I have to study
I like the English's grammar and writing. 英国の英語の文法と作文が好きです
They are related so I understand how to study them
But, I don't know how to study accents
I don't have time, I need to study
I bought a game soft called KARAOKE JOY SOUND Wii
I enjoy singing songs, but I have not been to KARAOKE
So I thought it was great when I found this game. (We same \"games\" in english
I went to the shop to buy the game at noon
And I sang 31 songs for 7 hours
But I was not singing alone
I sang with my brother,granpa,and granma
My best score today is 89points,and today's average is 85 points
Incidentally I got the best points on the song KONAYUKI which sung by  
REMIOROMEN who are a Japanese artist group
But I can't get a 90 scores
I want get more than 90 score next time
Do you have any idea how to sing well,please tell me,please!"
The winter sports season is coming drawing near in Japan
I feel it has been very very cold in this week
They say,\"This winter is wamer than usual.\",but the real winter is coming
I like winter best in of the four seasons
The exciting of snowboarding is scamper sense. -> I'm sorry but I can't understand this sentence.... 
I don't feel cold while the snowboarding
Graduation Ceremony
A Very long time has are passed since when I first wrote this English diary
l'm fine very very much. I'm doing very well
By the way, I was graduated from high school last Manday
l have been working  for this ceremony since in February
Therefore So l worry about the ceremony's success
Fortunately But this ceremony was very successful full of success
and everyone thanked said \"thank you\" to me
l felt great
But I still can't believe that I was graduated from high school
And l am feeling very so nervous because I can't meet my friends. (don't understand your friends? or some friends
I love having friends very very very much
I can't live without them!!"
How to Study English (Words
I want to be a good English speaker
But I haven't memorized many English words, and I think I have to memorize them
I tried making word book but this doesn't help me
Please tell me good way to memorize words."
J-league(Japanese soccer league) has started last Saturday
l felt very excited because Banga is a very strong team and in the last match in Jan
Nagoya lost to this team in Jan
My favorite national team is Spain
The Spanish team's passwork is very very smooth like river.(More natural if you do not use the analogy
I want Spain to win this world cup
Of course,I want Japan to reach the final tournament
Do you like soccer,and which team do you think will win the World Cup do you think?"
Since During this month, I've sometimes cooked lunch
l like little hot meals, so l cook \"TANTANMEN\", which is a hot Chinese noodles
on hot dish
And more before that, l cooked \"Nattou Charhan\", which is fried rice and 
nattou
l thought it is not wouldn't be delicious, but it's very good
lf you know any good recipes, please tell me."
Cafe Party
My friends held a Cafe party today
 Are they your sisters
The sisters very enjoyed making them very much
「captain of the party」の意味が分かりません・・・ In English, a party does not usually have a \"captain\".  'captain' = 船長?  Of a ship
It was a very good time."
today I go visit her sister sujin. [ combined with next sentence 
Her house is in Shinchon. Today I am going to visit her sister sujin in Shinchon. [ or if you mean *your* sister: \"Today I am going to visit my sister in Shinchon.\" 
Today I was studying all the day
I hate a studying, when I do it makes me so tired
Recently I was playing on my piano and was writing a music
It's my favourite thing
My boyfriend Mikey is sitting near me now
It's was such a difficult day"
My friend showed meme Lang-8. It's the best way to have fun while studying a language
I have studied abroad two times
When I was in high school, I went to Australia
It was just for 1 month, but I enjoyed it so much
The second time was in America, when I was in college
It's was for two years ago
I went to Illinois state
And I am interested in a job which is dealing with English
I am a new employee and I manage a Children's English school
Everyday, I teach children who are 2-10 years old
I'm gonna eat Russian cuisine tonight
What's the taste of it?! How does it taste
I'm looking forward to eating it
I fight with TOEIC!! (maybe a better word for \"fight\" is \"struggle
Although I'm undergoing a slump, I can't give it up
In contrast to my appearance, I'm arduous
Moreover, I treasure these days when I do my best
I might be flying when I goal in. Not exactly sure of the meaning here, maybe \"I might be flying by the time I finish
I'm confused about their meanings. of them
For example, here is are some sentences
It was very hot weather all day long
I rode my bike and went along the sea shore
At last, I arrived at \"A big zelkova\" in Galhwa
On my back way, I saw (the) blue sky and a green field where the sun set
That was more beautiful than I have ever seen
I thought that today was a very special day."
It's a long time. Maybe - \"It has been a long time since I went shopping with my family
SO, I'm expecting to spend great time. Not sure what you mean here, maybe:1. So, I'm expecting to have a great time.2. So, I'm expecting to spend a lot of money.3. So, I'm expecting to spend a lot of time shopping
First I want to buy some new clothes so that I can attend my graduation ceremony
That wish has now come true
What I made me angry
I always enjoy borrowing some books
So I couldn't borrow any books. [The library is \"lending\" books. You are \"borrowing\" them
It made me exhausted. \/ I felt exhausted
On my back way, I dropped by the Academy Photoshop
I can't remember how to describe the shop in English
It is the place which takes pictures or sells film
I had trouble taking my photos
because the shop owner let me wasted my time
I hate to wait for a long time
She said to me, Please wait about 1 hours
As time went by, she said to me, \"Wait
just a moment
She told me the same thing over and over again
At last, I had waited for more than 30 min
She said to me, \"Could you come back tomorrow
I can't stand to wait for a long time and be told a lie
I'll never go there again
I studied TOEIC, but I don't know which sentence is correct
The cost would be compared\/ comparable
I thought they were almost the same
Despite resistance\/ resisting
I learned the grammar (preposition + ~ing) 
However, the answer is 'resistance
Lately, I have been interested in astrology
My star sign is the 'Leo
I read a book about it several days ago
It said that 'Leos' could be attractive to some people
but it also said that 'Leos' might be lonely people
I perfectly agree with that
Of course, everyone feels loneliness
One of my hobbies is watching movies and foreign dramas
There is something about \"The modern Sherlock Homes
 This photo is of an actor called by '베네딕트 컴버배치
I tried to write some sentences by in English
At last, I finished writting writing about my last Seoul trip
It was erased my by mistake
I think that was an exciting story
I spent one hour to finish to write my diary
Who will is comport comfort me now
This is my first time to on lang-8
Because I just started learning French, so I need more practice
It's been for 4 years since I came to the U
S
but my English skills haven't progressed much
I know I have to speak more and more for improvement of my English, but when I talk to somebody in English, I get confused and I forget words
I heard that if I keep a diary in English, my speaking skill would progress too
I'm studying English by singing English songs
I participated in a small party today. It was only older people
I was tense
but so happy today :-) (I had a great time today.)"
I wrote this diary with the help of Yahoo!翻訳
to see \"Yahoo!翻訳
In return, I'll teach Japanese
Let's talk with \"skype
My ID is gohann3bai
Thank you
I enjoy listening to Secondhand Serenade's songs. 
secondhand serenade's song
I think John Vesely has a very nice voice and good composition sense
I respect him
I caught a cold 
Good night.  　Zzz...."
I like the slow tempo music
Please tell me your favorite songs!\" 或 \"What are some of your favorite songs
Today we('ll) have an election in our university to select the best student to work in the Computer Scientific Association (CSA
I'm a candidate in this election, and at 11 to 12 o'clock I will introduce myself and show (the) students my past executive university work in the field of Computer Science. (About the time: If you are introducing yourself sometime between 11 and 12, you would say \"and around 11 or 12 o'clock...\" If you are introducing from 11 to 12, you would say \"and from 11 to 12 o'clock...\" It wasn't clear from your sentence
All (the) other candidates will introduce themselves to each other, the election will start, and the students will select nine candidates for the CSA
I hope that I will be selected by our students today. (Saying \"nominated\" instead of \"selected\" would be more specific to your situation.)"
because he was elected by people them 
Amaryllis's are blooming
The founr flowers are like an antique record player
They seem to flow with the beautiful music."
Anyway, i think that the team japan's team's target is should be \"do not forget which is their goal!!\"."
Tonight I saw the film version of \"The Phantom of Opera\" at home, which is played on TV for almost three hours
But its music is really fantastic. The voice of the leading actress deeply appealed to me
The beautiful voices in the movie have impressed me a lot. surely Like a haunting melody in my mind
I was truly touched by this sentimental movie, especially when the phantom let Christine and Raoul go, I couldn't help but shed my tears
I sympathize with the phantom a lot though he is sometimes too cruel. But I think it's his society that made him crazy
How lonely he was
It's a pity that he couldn't bring his talent into full play
He was a genius
Well, since I will go to NY this summer vacation, I expect to go to Broadway to watch this show live
Sometimes I may be confused when I go to ask someone out for dining or accompaniment
Japanese is so charismatic and magical that it can express what you want to say clearly but not too strongly
Through the language, I can relieve myself from the sense of vulnerability in my interpersonal relationships
While I expect to write in Japanese. I have found that I cannot type in Japanese on my computer
To polish my Japanese writing skills, it's time to download the software to type in Japanese
And I have to do my homework. Usually, we shouldn't start sentences with And or But
In the At night, I will do a part time job
I'm a bakery
I will play hang out with my friends this Sunday.Usually, we don't use \"play\" with friends if you are older than middle school age
Then I'll do a part time job too
I can't wait for summer vacation
My summer vacation will start in September
I am looking forward to doing all of them
I will go to Tokyo with my friends and go to the recreation with other friends
I have to do a part time job, because I don't have very much money very much
I want to do many things that I can't do now while I am student
I went to England  when I was a high school student
There is a single, very long single path
I  have never seen a more beautiful place than there
I belong to the badminton circle,so I practice playing badminton once a week
I went to England two years ago,but I couldn`t comunicate with foreigners very well
I could also know the wonder of other countries
A tiring week
becauce practical training (is coming\/ will be coming
I'm writing a diary after a long time
There is a some news about me
I It was celebrated by my family and my friends
Many presents, many delicious dishes and happiness happy times
On Osyou-gatu, most part of Japanese have \"Osechi(お節)\" which is a traditional dish in Japan
This dish include many wishes what (?) is long life, to success business, to be blessed with children etc
Of cause course, I had Osechi cooked by my Mother
Beginning to learning English
I am beginning to learn English on today
Because I'll be working as a computer software engineer. about computer software
Many information about development software is written in English on the Internet
So I had thought that I want should to learn English."
I'm glad to have found this wonderful service on the Internet
I think I've got a lot of happiness
So, I have finished to cleaned my room
I couldn't have invited my friends over with my room in that condition
It was such a mess
Today, I went to a second-hand bookstore, but there was not the book which I hope to buy
instead, I bought some books without planning
Pay attention to the traffic accidents
I said that I'm going to write everyday, but I forgot about it right away・・・・lol
Well…today, Japan was buzzing with news of Osama bin Laden
It was from a junior high school student that I heard his name for the first time
Learning otheranother language is a joyful thing
This situationprocess of writing somea few letters in English to herethis site is just a little step of obtaining thethat pleasure
The imagination thought that someone will fix my mistakes and wrong incorrect grammer grammar makes me so excited
I need to knowa plenty of expressions and I believe that these practices will give me many changes tochances of getting learning some more of them."
By the way, in Australia the heavy rain brought a flood, causing damage
Children are soooooooooooooooo cute T.T
I majored in art
Currently I have a part time job at a child art institute
In Korean age, they are 4 to 10 years old
I think that children are cutest when they are around three to four years old
They have more pureness and straightforwardness
Today in the morning, my face is (really) puffy because I drank (heavily) last night
Then the cutest child came to me and looked at me for a long time
And she tilted her head as if questioning who this woman is
And then she silently <meta charset=\"utf-8\">left
Believe it or not, she scarcely recognized me
I went after her and asked her, who am I and how do I look today
She usually says “you’re pretty!” and I wanted to hear those words again
I wanted to deny that my face was puffy, so I wanted to hear that I was not ugly today
But she quietly said “you are
you look sleepy” (I didn’t open my eyes well because my eyes also puffy
That's why she thought I looked sleepy
I don’t want to write anymore
My eyes are still puffy from crying
We are really nothing in the universe Part 1
I didn't really know what to write about for my first Journal, soI decided to pick the first subject that came to my mind
Sometime when I watch the sky during my daily walk to University . I get this strange feeling inside of me, it's like I'm getting sick of something
I don't really know how to describe the this feeling, but it starts when I think about what lies beyond our solary system and how tiny we are
When I was a kid I always had an astronomy book in my hand, looking at pictures of the Giant Jupiter, Saturn and all of her their halos and learning about how the universe in general without understanding the whole proportion and concept behind it
But since I saw the Ultra Deep Field, taken by the Hubble telescope, my vision of the universe totaly changed
The number of galaxies was is so huge that I couldn't can't compare it to anything I knew know
I'm going to post this journal in multiple (several)parts, because I'm worried that it's going to be too long to correct
Japanese culture
This year, the year 2010
I want to start to learning about Japanese culture
For example, I want to learn how to put kimono on
Like japanese tea (ceremony?), or Japanese flower arrangement
Although I am Japanese, I don't know much aboutJapanese culture well
My grandmother had given me some kimonos, (had given seems more formal
but I don't know how to fold them! (wear them
I want to start enjoying japanese culture this year!"
I had no free time and I felt extremely bored, not just for  a moment, but all the day
I gave up  most of the time for \"studying
In the afternoon, I had to go school for the silly commencement exercises rehearsal
They  just had  us stay  in our seats and waiting
I had nothing  to do
To me, waiting is worse than working
After the rehearsal, I thought things  may go better
However, nothing  changed
I went to Tin Shui Wai for my Cantonese oral exam but I had to wait again
When I arrived  at the exam site, I thought it would  go very fast
Meanwhile, I could  have gone home and played  basketball
Sadly, I waited one hour for the exam to start  and used about 45 minutes to finish it
Finally,  obviously, I didn't have any time to do the   things that I had wanted to do while  I  was  bored  all  day
I had no idea that when will the weather would become better
I also had to pick up my wear lots of clothes on my body while before going to school like yesterday
Now,I'm getting more and more worried and worried
I am worried that I cannot get the good results and I am afraid that I will have no exit future if I make worst do badly in this exam
As I am the last year examinee in 2010 HKCEE,I have no take two second chance because the course will be changed after the this last HKCEE
Desperation is coming to me...I am getting desperate
I really don't know how to handle this desperation. my desperated emotion,even if I make my effort for inhibit it
The devil is suffering me.It's killing me
Does Can anyone can help me to run away from the hell?"
Liar game, which is a Japanese drama, is an interesting drama
If you haven't seen it, I suggest you to relish it as soon as you can
This drama is about a fight between intellect and intellect
And everyone in the game must lie to the others, and also not to be deceived by the others
There are many games in this drama and each game is an ordeal of intellect
Meanwhile, every game is psychological warfares
Now, I have watched season 1 & 2 of Liar games
And I'm looking forward to watching the final stage: Liar Game, the movie
Today was a Friday
And I woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning and prepared to go to school
In the time of studing at school, it's very hard to go through. It was tough in school today
Most of the school's\/lessons' time, I just continued writing and writing
Even I didn't even have time for a rest
I had communicated and chatted with the foreigners
I thought this was really an extremely good experience for me to improve my English level
Today was Monday, the first day to get through in every week
But, the first day is also the hardest day
Maths day. (I don't know how to correct some of these sentences because I don't know what A.Maths is - is it a course
Throughout the day, I spent a lot of my time to practicing and doing Maths and A
I was very tired from calculating those difficult questions
After the school bell rang, I really hoped that I could back to home for a rest
However, the reality is always cruel
I had to stay at school to make up a missed lesson in order to prepare for the HKCEE
I was extremely tired today
Stop hiding!\", I told myself
Although I don't know if I can do it or not
Or maybe I would give up quickly
However, starting now, I've told to myself that I must stop hiding
Just now, I realized that I was hiding in my imagination 
But I must stop hiding now
I must get out of this place, and be brave
I have to be more confident and face the reality
Also, I should try my best to tackle all difficulties
I must come out of my little world which is simply inside my brain
Maybe keep staying in this world is a very great thing but I realized that it wont help me
Maybe I can still try to escape the reality somehow, but now I know that I must come out
I know, I know that maybe I will give up and come back to my little world very soon, and it will be worse
But whatever, everything begins somewhere."
To talk about friends, all of us will easily associate with the people who give us the room to express our emotions
Meanwhile, they're the people who play with you, are happy for your happiness and sad for your sadness
I don't know wheather I'm too intellectual or I'm too ruthless
I want to know, I want to know it all
Maybe I'm just don't want to be too close to the others
Maybe my sense of self-protection is too strong
I can only be sure about one thing: sometimes I simply want to be alone."
It's been a long time since I last updated my diary
Since there was a very big exam that I had to focus on, I didn't have any time to do the other things
I can say that my exam is almost done because there is only the  oral exam remaining
In addition, I think I have to   start using  my online diary again
I have to keep training my English writing and make progress step by step
All of us choose to believe people who we are near to and we share our secrets with them, to unbearable emotions
However, I have chosen to believe someone that I don't know
Someone who I have never seen, and isn't very close to me
Since they are extremely close to me, I can't express all of my feelings and painful with them
I also can't share my secrets with them, even though I want to say speak out loud
Whenever I face them, I have to bear the desire to tell my secrets
And my unbelievable feelings appear
In my mind, I'm pretty sure they'll tell each other after I tell them my secrets
It's so easy to imagine that they'll tell everything to the classmates and their friends, although I don't want anyone know it
So, I won't have any private in the short run
Based on the above reasons, someone that I have ever seen before and is not very close to me is much better to believe
Since I don't know them and they don't study at school with me, I can express most of my feelings to them
I have no need to afraid that they'll tell the others because even if they do so, I won't be laughed by my classmates, like my friends, for instance
Meanwhile, I can keep things to myself
However, to be honest, I have never believed someone completely
But I have to say, it's much better for you to express yourself to someone who isn't your friends, parents
etc, even if they're not faithful to you
PS: \"Someone is always better to believe\" <<Sorry, I don't know what this means...>>"
What's a bad day
Needless to say and no selection for me,I had to wear a lot of clothes and make my effort to keep my body warm before I went to school
Yes,I had act was like a snowman today
Actually,I didn't know and don't understand that why my school couldn't provide the warm water to all of the students after they had finished their physiologically need
Say it easily To say it in another way,it means that after you have pissed
Imagine that you have just finished pissing. When you are going to wash and clean your hands,you have to let the COLD water run through your hands
What's the a 'great' feeling that is
The wind was blowing against my WET hands and I could feel my hands were shaking
Whatever,I know that I have to challenge the nature again tomorrow,even if I don't want to face it."
I have to start my school life and face the reality again in this week
But unfortunately, today is not a good day
Although I was already used to do the heavy homework, I got a bad, bad prediction today
Since we were going to face the HKCEE, my teachers gave us a ton  of school work, and of course, also homework
However, today my English teacher told us that we had to stay after school to do even more exercises
So, you could imagine that how busy we will be
To be honest, although I like studying English, I don't think this will help
For the whole day, we are doing exercises  on various  subjects
And you can understand how, if you do too much of the same kind of work, just continue training and training, you will be very tired and you won't be able to work up the enthusiasm
For these reasons, I think that this  will  maltreat us but not help us
I want to study in the foreign countries
I hope to study in the other countries, especially America or and England
It's because in these countries' school schools in these countries, I can learn my favourite subjects such as philosophy and design
However, the most important thing is, I can learn the English by talking to the people there."
I hate to be photographed
Topic: I hate to be photographed
And I hate to be photographed
However, there are always many people who want to take pictures of others and I'm one of the victims
Even if they all know I don't want to be photographed, they ignore the situation
Yes, they ignore my feelings
Also, I cannot understand why I must cooperate with my classmates and take photos with them
Why I must take them
I can just feel like  I'm in a jail
And my rights have been totally taken from me, even if it's  just a small right
Hello everyone! This is the first time that I write my diary in Lang-8 although since I have become one of the Lang-8's family members
Actually, I am just a simple teenager as same as all of you
And, I come from Hong Kong
My parents' language is Cantonese
However, I really want to improve my English by my very as best I can and be the a master of English
I am extremely hopeful that you can give your helping hands to me for correcting my writing mistakes in English
However, I didn't have any feel happy feeling
Not just a minute, is a whole day
I lost my way and I am perplexed
I have no idea that what way I how should I go on in my life
I knew that I had been choosing the wrong subjects
To say it more appropriate and clearly, no subjects are suitable for me because I am just interested in philosophy and design
However unfortunately, my school have no does not have these subjects and I hadn't chosen design
And I had chosen to learn science and I am now very regretful about it
I had tried to learn very hard in science but I am just cannot work up much the enthusiasm and get the good results
I believe that most of the people like playing online games
I always want to find some new online games to play
However, it is not easy to find a game that is interesting or I'm interested in it
For now, I want to find some online games from the foreign countries
But unfortunately, they are so difficult to find, even if I use a search engine such as yahoo or google
So, can you introduce some interesting and exciting online games to me
I want to speak english well
The first thing I'll write about in english will be ideas about sky
And a little about deers because I
I love them."
Eating Too Much
I ate two slices of bread with chocolate jam and drank a cup of coffee. (you can't say that you ate coffee
I'm still feeling hungry. After that, then I ate rice with boiled egg and chicken soup
Now I feel so full and I am very sleepy now. (\"Felt\" is only used for past tense. For the actions in present, you should use \"feel\")"
Today, I went to campus to study with my friends for my final exam
My final exams will start tomorrow; first is electrochemistry
I have learned about electroplating, electrolysis plating, electro-refining, electrowinning, physical vapor deposition, and many more topics
After I finsihed my homework, I switched on the TV to watch infotainment news
Most of the news were about divorcing
What a boring news
At 7.30 I took a shower and I was ready to go to the campus at 8.00
I arrived at the campus at 8.30
My friends were looked so tired doing drawing assignment
and I joined to them."
It must be very delicious because i hadn't havn't been eating chocolate since for a month ago
I have three friends  named Dennie, Anne, and Fauzi
What should I do
After physics class, my friend asked me to help him with the election booth
But I had already made a promised to my friends to do our assignment together
I have a responsibility to help at the booth because it is my shift, but my assignment deadline is soon
I am confused
I am university student and have doing part time job as a private teacher
I started doing my part time job My occupation as a private teacher started on December last year and I got the information about the vacancy from my friend, who also a private teacher too.You can use \"also\" or \"too\" not both in one sentence 
On At the first, I only had to teach a 3rd-grade-junior high school student who had to pass the national exam on April 2011
I was nervous on that day. because I didn't know why I was called and what topic that her mom want to talked, etc.It is not natural to use \"etc\" here
And finally I came and we talked, she just asked me to come more often and also helped her to teach her 5th-grade-elementary school daughter and would arise my payment too
I came to their home not only for teaching but also to be their friend
The exam had been passed and the result was very fantastic for me who is the beginner, for the newbie teacher
My first student was graduated with high score on Math and English, and my second student had her scores on her report increased
From the previous experience in teaching, now I have some students
3 students of 6th grade of elementary students study in my house 3 days a week and I teach another 6th grade of elementary and 1st grade student of senior high school in her house 3 days a week too
I start doing this on holiday, but I am not quite sure to do this when my holiday is over
I am now 3rd year university\/junior student and desire to graduate as soon as possible.1st year = freshman2nd year = sophomore3rd year = junior4th year = senior
So I have to finish my final project of bachelor thesis, final report, and also get good GPA on my last semester
Hello
I've just joined lang-8
Please let me introduce myself here
I'm Jin, a 19-year-old man living in Japan
I'm a very lucky person
At first, I was in trouble
Many of my co-woker co-workers helped me to leran learn the new system 
They taught me kindly and speaking spoke slowly
I'm very lucky person working with them.(or I'm very lucky person to be able to work with them
Because all of my co-worker is co-workers are not Japanease Japanese
I said \"Thank you very much, I'm very appreciative of  it \". (or say: I appreciate it
But, I want to lean onother learn another way
Are there any good words in English
Could somebody teach me
Hot springs
I 'd like travelling
I have been to many countries. (注意：\"went\"という使い方は別の休みを描く時に使えることが出来ます。例えば、\"On last year's holiday to Europe, I went to many famous churches\".でも、その経験があるだけと言いたかったら、\"have been\"を使った方がいいです。例えば、\"I have been to many Asian countries\" or \"I have been to many zoos around the world
I like hot springs, so when I go to other countries, I ofhen visit their hot springs
I think the temperature at JAPAN's hot springs are hotter than those in other countries."
The turmoil in the Ivory Coast
The former president of the Ivory Coast refused to step down after he lost the presidential election recently
Millions of people all over the world witnessed this absurd political drama; and unfortunately it resulted in tragedy for those people who were injured or lost their lives
New Year's Resolution
It's been 6 days since I returned from France
Nothing has changed here except that the visibility is getting lower because of the sand traveling from the desert
I can even feel the sand between my teeth when I inhale
It means a sand storm is on the way
My English teacher once told me that an ambitious person only needs one resolution in his life while a person without ambition needs resolution every day
I just knew that I wasn't that kind of person with ambition
I don't even make a plan for a week, let alone one for a lifetime
Live life, make it simple
That's my philosophy which is also why I am now in the middle of nowhere, lol
I just wish for things to be different in 2011, but i also know it will be just like other years
Things won't be different because you celebrated the last day of the year with a bunch of strangers drinking champagne
No new year's resolution for me, because i know i won't make it
Call me lazy, call me a pessimist
I want to know English. My dream  is to  studiy in a British university
I am only 14 years old, and I dont speak English well
I watch movie in English and read books, but it doesn't help me
So I want to make friends with people from another counrty
Lots of my friends in Japan have an account on mixi in Japan
I do not have one though
I am just wondering what kind of site it is
Also, one of my friends in Canada wants to have a mixi account, but is it possible
I definitely want you to be correct my diary for sure, but I would also like to know the answer to my question
Thank you."
Try for the first time
This is the first time for me to write my diary in English
I've been studying English for many years, and I have a plans to go abroad next month to improve my English
I got my English exam results last time, I didn't get a high score like i thought I would
I expected
I hope, with the help of Lang-8, my English will get better here."
They are my grandparents, my father, my mother, my older brother, my uncle, my cousin and me
I love him, like how I love girls
My older brother’s name is Duy
He’s twenty- two years old
my uncle, his name is Ba
He’s very jolly and he usually helps neighborwood
He is pretty lovely
I hope everybody in my family are always healthy and horny."
Today was a very busy day
I had a job interview in the morning. (You can also say \"I had a job interview this morning
I got asked the many questions by from two men (maybe representatives of the company
I was nervous at the time
But I thought I was good well. -> \"I thought it went well.\" or \"I thought I did well
The salary of the company is very good. --> More natural: \"The company's salary is very good.\" Even better: \"The company offers a very good salary
It's better than my current job
The company said, \"We will call you tomorrow.\" or The company said that they will call me tomorrow
And then, I went to Chenan because of a business trip. --> \"for a business trip\" sounds natural here
Today, I took the bus for 7hous!!I rode the bus for 7 hours today!! 
I'm so tired
Furthermore I'm going to my company tomorrow!'Furthermore' sounds very formal, but everything else is more casual. So 'Additionally,' or 'Not only that, but' or 'Plus,' sound more natural
I'm sad~ I wanna have a break.~ is adorable and used often in Korean, but it's not used in English. (Well, those of us who learn Korean use it because it's so cute :) but normally we don't use it. Instead, '...' would work the same way ^^)"
I worried about one thing. something I'm worrying about
I hadhave a new job though I'm working now
I need a successor who workscan do my business
I promised the company I'll go to work next Wednesday
But I might not be able to go on that date
I have an trouble between curren job and future jobin going to work in new company
I called my future boss just beforenow
But the person in chare chair was not there, so I waite for company's call
I'm feel very worried about that
I want to bring this to an end."
I hate my homework. 
I'm going to go to the Culcom institute today
The Culcom institute helps people improve their English skills
Many foreigners and Korean go there to study English conversation
I joined a study group so I have to memorize some kind of story
But I don't want to do that
My boss is angry because I quit my job without notification. You haven't talked about your job yet, so you can't use \"this
I want to do solve this situation
1st Anniversary
Yesterday was my boyfriend and I's first anniversary. (I am sorry I'm not 100% percent sure with this correction
I couldn't believe that it had been one year already
We met at the movie theater, it was the spot of our first date
I didn't particularly like him at the time
But I love him so much now! 
Ashely is a famous, Korean family restaurant
We ate steak and went to the salad buffet
It was so nice and tasty
Also, the atmosphere was good
I was very impressed
The reason he gave me an alarm was because he worried about my way home. (He should've offered to take you home, girl
I'm in love! ^^ (Or maybe you were going for...) I feel so lovey-dovey! 
I want our love to last."
We had very busy week last week
I was supposed to go to his university because he had a class
We had a dinner after we met
It tasted very good. blue = suggestion"
The Skewered Lamb
We hadn't seen each other for 6 month
She was recommended some restaurants
I've never eaten lamb
It was my first time. (This is redundant...there's no need for it
Its smell was a little strange
But it was okay
And I also met her lover
He loves that sort of food. (You used \"there\" to show distance, so you need \"that\" to show distance as well. You need \"sort of\" to show that he hasn't been to the restaurant before
Have you ever eaten the skewered lamb
My freind friend Sunyoung, lived in Newzealand who lives in New Zealand, told me that Her lover and She she and her lover are going to marry on the 23rd
of Feb
But He he is very kind and polite
I got the call from the company I visited yesterday
One of the my annual plans is to have another job
I achive achieved my goal ^^"
I am at the cold war with my mom
she may be jokking
Last Sunday, I stopped the meal at lunch because of my mom 
Since that time we still didn't speak to each other."
This is my first entry to Lang-8
My name is Yasu
I am urged to improve my writing, since I am having taking IELTS test next week
I took a mock test today., however, t The result was terrible
I understood understand that the key to advance it improvement is simply writing a lot, making mistakes
Though I can read many words, when it comes to writing it, I don't can't come up with them
To get high scores, it is crucial to use know more expressions than I have know now, as well as logical structure
I don't know how to use Lang-8 or have and make friends here in lang-8 well, as I have just registered
Anyway, I will submit this now."
How do you, people, think, guys, is there such a thing as the Russian soul? (word order
Some kind of a national character trait
I have talked about it with foreigners twice
The first time it was a German guy, he had been seeing a russian girl from Sankt-Petersburg before our conversation, but they had broken down split up
But now although life is not as difficult, people are used to staying together to survive, and they don't feel themselves as independent as people of other nationalities do
Another conversation happened occurred with Swedish guy, who is fond of Russia and whose dream is to immigrate here
We were talking about different writers and he mentioned Bulgakov, I said Bulgakov is a Russian writer, he was surprised and asked me \"Really\", I answered \"OF COURSE
According to his opinion him (or In his opinion)(and I agree with him) that feeling of superiority is very typical for Russians ( for example, OF COURSE all famous writers are Russians)))) but it is mixed with the feeling of insignificance of themselves -- such a paradox
That's just two features, two pieces of conversations I've had about \"Russian soul\"."
my first \"hi-to-everybody\" here
Hi to everybody 
I wanna write this first post about myself and my relationships with english. (Опускание существительного - чисто русская ошибка. Они обязательны в англоречи - тк у них нет окончаний для контроля смысла, у них он строится на четком построении предложения
First time I got interested in it was when I studyed at school and joined an english study group
We read different books by English and American writers and discussed them from different points of view
Maugham, who is now one of my favourite writers 
And there I read \"The Catcher in the Rye\" by J
Salinger in English (I had read it in Russian before ( don't forget those capital letters for nationalities ;) ) and loved it very much
But I was a complete fool in grammar back then, so I couldn't express my thoughts the way I wanted it
Then, a few years later, I went to Germany by through international exchange, there I had to communicate in english cause my german was even worse than my english, and my language barrier was broken there 
And the third point, I've decided that the best way to learn something is to explain it to someone else
I have started teaching young children and then adolscents english and finally got to know and learned something about english grammar
Prepositions and phrasal verbs - that's what is driving me crazy now %)"
Last week, I made the panel for a PC case with a special tool (like in the pictures
I used acrylic, LEDs, some connectors, and some electronic parts
First, designing the panel with a PC application
Next, cut the acrylic board with an \"Auto cutting machine\". \/\/ I think, the tool is called either a \"drill\" or a \"milling machine\", but I'm not sure
And then, mount some LEDs and connectors
This is first time I'm writing on \" Lang -8
I'm DenDen from Japan
I want to learn English and to communicate with other people
Living in Japan
Major in college is Robotics
Love watching movies, reading books, comics, making PCs, listening to music, making Robots!"
Eating ice-cream, taking photos, and talking to nice people
It can't be my diary
This school year I'll seriously try and learn it
I see films in English with subtitles, but I can't copy the accents in the speech
Now I need to pay attention to construction of sentences and phrases
I need to fix it in my texts on random topics
I love for comics."
Schedule for tommorrow
At First, I plan to visit the dentist tomorrow
Next, I'll go to get a haircut
Further plans are undecided
If I understood English well, I would be able to read many more interesting books
Or, I would be able to tell other people interesting points of Japanese
That is why I learn English
 Valentine's Day
It was a Valentine's Day yesterday. So my child and I baked a chocolate cake
Of course, we gave my husband a chocolate cake
The first one I made"
My summer is coming to the an end
I will go back to school soon, and I think it will be busy next term
I know I will start to learn French, which may be somewhat interesting anyway
But it was fine yesterday. Better way: The weather was fine yesterday, but it is raining now
Actually, I had have tried to make cake before, but i have never succeed
And when my girl friend asked me to do this with her, I thought i I should try again anyway
Making the Ice cream was not that as complicated as we had imagined
Although We did have a rough time preparing for the cake
But guess what? <- that doesn't fit here The bottom was burnt,which really let me down
And what about as for the ice cream? I do not know
Hopefully,I will see what it is like from the picture
I Hope it will be better than the cake at least."
I'm just saying hi to everybody
So just leave your message to me,then I'll add youof my friends
 More freetime  to students! D
In Korea, most highschool students go back  home at 10 PM
So am I
There is no liesure time on weekdays
I love watching dramas like Doctor Who, Sherlok and the Big Bang Theory
but I  can only  watch these dramas during the weekend only
It is horrible to restraint myself from watching dramas
And there are so many pressures about studying
Nobody loves to study the whole day
Many animals have lost their own habitats
Lately in Korea many enviornmental problems have occured becuase of Four River Project. 
the government said it will be helpful to Korea's economy
But many people did not agree with the government because they think it will be useless. 
The government also says that this will become a tourist attraction, but it will not. 
They destroyed famous places with great natural landscapes and also drove many animals and plants from their own habitats. 
The government did not care about the people's complaints because of the benefits. 
I want more people in the world to know about this and become interested in it. 
I received 2 scam messages in a week XD
Hi :) Have you ever received scam messages in Lang-8
I think it's a big problem, I received two scam messages in a week
although it's not true what they said, their story is pretty good XD
their names are Nancy Nelson and Joy Beko
I was talking to them sincerely XD
after found out they were scam, I felt depressed and angry
they played a trick on me
I hope you guys won't be stupid like me D
I bought a Smartphone last month
It's really amazing, I can't stop to play playing with this
Anyway, I was wondering is there an App where I con write journals on lang-8
If a Lang-8 app were to exist, I would feel comfortable writing journals at school
Is there only one way that I can write journal's on lang-8?"
Social Networks make my world bigger. 
Lately, many people are connected by social networks and messengers
 I use Twitter, Facebook, Nateon and Skype, to connect with people around the world
I think it's really worth to preserve what I did and what I'm thinking. ( I don't understand) Hmmm do you mean to say : \"I think it's amazing to be able to document what I did throughout the day and what I'm thinking.\" (?) 
And by doing so, I am able to make new friendships (relationships
It's funny to find out different things between foreigners and myself
Somethings, the things I thought were true, were lies. 
Also they give me knowledge about other countries, that I didn't know about before
literally making my world bigger
The importance of motivation. 
I found an old note with some famous English quotes on it. 
Maybe it is notes about English. 
There are so many useful quotes like
The time when you think it's late is perfect time to do it.' and ''The man without motivation is not different from dead body
Anyway, after I saw this note I have been thinking about my motivation with my English studies. 
It's really quite simple
I'm studying English by playing a game that is not in Korean. 
Although this is useless motivation, It is a really important reason why I'm studying English
Why did you started to learn another language
Before I joined the Lang-8 community, I was just interested in English and Japanese. (or Before I started using Lang-8, ~) 
I just interested in English and Japanese
But (or However,) since I started using Lang-8, (or since I joined Lang-8,) I want to learn so many foreign languages, not only English and Japanese, but also French, Germany, some other languages. (wanna is okay but kind of slang 
I wanna learn so many foreign languages
not only English and Japanese, but also French, Germany, some other languages
But (or However,) it looks hard to learn these languages, so I decided to buy some language books after my exams are over
so I decide to buy some language books after my exam has over
and I'll study some Chinese characters to read Japanese words
It's hard to read them 
I need to study more!!"
My mid-term exams finished today
From Wednesday to Saturday, it was a very hard time
Also, my results are horrible
Every student was regreted the test
Every test's level of difficulty was very hard
Especially, two that were on the subject of math were really really hard
I hope I can get better results on our next exam.0"
aw..... I watched a terrible video clip
It's not something grotesque or gore
one chinese women bullied a kitten into doing the laundary
she is so cruel
I hope she will be punished by the law
Lately I used my laptop because my desktop broke after the blackout
After school vacation (do you mean \"after summer vacation\" or \"during summer vacation\"?), my life cycle was terrible 
if I had time to rest, I played with my laptop
So yesterday, I decided to fix my desktop
I'm so happy that I escaped from that bad life cycle :D
but I still don't study XD"
Laptops make people lazy
Lately, because of the blackout my desktop has been broken, so I decided to use a laptop
so I decided to use laptop
indeed, I hate to use the laptop because it makes me lazy
I use the laptop on my bed, I surf the internet, and finally I watch dramas
it makes me NOT STUDY, and NOT EXERCISE
I was looking forward to joining this joinning that site for a long time
Please correct my diary have my dialy corrected
Now I'm listening to Utada's songs.Alternatively: Now I'm listening to a song by Utada. You could also say \"a Utada song,\" but that would make \"Utada\" a describing word and would only sound natural if the listener knew of Utada.Remember: always specify whether a noun is plural or singular where ambiguous, and use \"a\" or \"the\" in the singular case. The way you wrote it suggests not only that your listening to one song, but that Utada has only one song
I have loved her songs all my life, since she debuted
Nevertheless she is not famous in the USA.It's probably weird, but even though it's a name, it's still a phrase, and you still need \"the\" to describe the word \"states\". "
Can you correct my text
I don't like rainy season in Japan, because it is very high humid indeed."
She is a Hong Kong girl who is studying in a japanese college
HongKooong is ”ほんこ～ん\" in Japanese, and Hong Kong is also \"ほんこん
A bit of a strange girl
In addition, she appeared on NHK, a Japanese public station
Would you listened her song
Could you listened her song
This is a Japanese anime song covered by her
It is about a young girl who desires to grow up as a women
Meh, I am not good at writing in English :P"
An intruder
I have some filipino friends at my workplace
One day, when a women said \"つばめが入ってきた,\" (\"a swallow came in\"),You can't put anything in your friend's quote except what she literally said, unless it's in brackets. Honestly, I'm not sure if you should write all in one quote with the English in brackets, or use two quotes as above. I actually mentally placed the quotation mark right after the Japanese without realizing. So I thought at first that a swallow really did come in when she said that, which made the story sound very fantastical until I'd realized my error
My friend had been quite surprised 
At that, she was so became weird and very nervous
Then she asked me, \"what is 'つばめ'?\".Or: Then she asked me what \"つばめ\" was.It would technically be correct to say Then she asked me what was \"つばめ\". But this doesn't sound natural, since \"what is\" or \"what was\" coming before つばめ sound like it's the beginning of a question that the woman asked
I answered that it is a swallow,(space)but she could not understand it.Remember that when you use a word like \"it\" it's just a place-holder for a word you don't want to use again. Here \"it\" doesn't really refer to anything other than your answer, but the word \"answer\" isn't actually used. If you had said \"My answer was that it[the bird] was a swallow, but she could not understand it[the swallow].\" The hard part is figuring out how many \"it\"s you can use before you don't know what each of them mean. Hahaha. :P
I reflected for a while and talked to her. \"It is a bird\". Two sentences here, and it might be better to put to use '\"It is a bird,\" I said.' for the second sentence. The \"I said\" can go before or after the quote, but it sounds more artful to not put \"I\", or the same word, at the beginning of subsequent sentences.You can also say \"I reflected for a while and told her that it was a bird
She seemed to understand and to feel easy. You're right that you could leave the second \"to\" out, but it sounds to me like \"seemed\" might only describe her understanding, not her feeling easy. If read that way, it would mean \"She seemed to understand and she felt easy.\" In this case, \"feel\" would have to be \"felt,\" so that it would be in the same tense as \"seemed.\" だから、「to」が要ります。
Nevertheless, she had a bird. Who is \"she\"? \"She\" up until now has been your friend, but she doesn't have the bird, does she? She didn't understand that there was a bird, so this could only be the case if the woman who said that a swallow came in both: 1)kept the swallow, and 2)lives with the other woman who didn't understand that there was now a bird in her house. :P"
Today,I gathered the big onions that ware were planted last November in my garden
My hands have a smell of onion since I had touched them onions
You may think that it is a unique smell. Personally, that I don't really dislike so much
By the way,I will plant some Allium Chinenses this autumn
Then I will make pickled Chinenses pikles and eat that them with curry
Somehow in Japan ,they are served in curry
Well, why are languages so difficult
The 2(ni) Channel\/ Channel 2 is very interesting. 面白い=interesting
Now, China is very popular on 2ch
Everyone says \"The Chinese blow up everything
But I can only say \"nihou\" (hello
I can say \"我爱你\", but it is an Italian phrase too.「我爱你」は分からない。　Jakie Chanという中国人の男優のおかげで「ニーハオ」を知ってる訳です。
The KannagiIt's probably confusing, but titles in English don't always have a \"the\" or \"a.\" You could translate the anime \"The Kannagi,\" but Kanagi is perhaps the main character's full name as well. そのアニメで「なぎ」ですね？And the English title for this anime is actually \"Kanagi: Crazy Shrine Maidens
I am watching the Kannagi on PC.ややこしいね。「over the phone」 って、でも「on the internet; on tv; on my PC」。\"My,\" \"a\" or \"the\" can be omitted when you say \"on\/with\/by 何々\" sometimes. But maybe it's best to learn this case-by-case. It's okay either way here. You can also say: \"via PC,\" and \"via\" is pretty impressive English, since it's not used in conversation often
It is supposed to be a story about the gods inof japan and a mere nymph-anime.but is simply a bishojo anime. (people understand this anime as bishojo. http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Bish%C5%8Djo) 
I can't look up find the translation of 美少女アニメ with in English
I found it the anime on the web and I'm watching it. and that It has subtitles tickers in English and I can study English
I found it and am watching it on the web, and because it has subtitles in English, I can study.Immediately repeating a word can sound unnatural in English, so I cut out the second \"English,\" since it can be inferred. The next sentence would sound a bit more natural with two \"English\"s since they're farther apart
I'm watching the anime I found kannagi is found on the web, and that, with the English-tichkers subtitles are useful for studying English
Which is more natural
It is so difficult that I can't translate the Japanese sentence into an English one
I guess I use difficult grammars in Japanese or put away something for writing English. ??\"Grammars\" isn't a word. I think the second part of this sentence was supposed to mean \"or I should delete cut out some things when writing English.\" But I didn't know why you said \"or
In conclusion, languages are very difficult.\"Nevertheless\" means \"それでも\" or \"ですが\" and should only be used when you will contradict what you just said previously. \"In conclusion,\" by the way, is very cliché, but it would sound good if you were being funny and pretending to act professional."
This photo is of an iris
菖蒲 is pronounced AYAME
菖蒲 is also pronounced SHOBU
花菖蒲 is pronounced HANASHOBU
I am working in an \"Automobile Industry Corporation
Recently, my work is machine adjusting
The machine's name is a \"Gear Insert System
This gear is used in the car's handling
 Specifically, this gear helps to handle the steering
By the way, that machine is to be carried in the day after tomorrow
 We have until tomorrow to finish any adjustments
We have many, many problems
I will have to work hard until it is finished."
Plan for Golden Week
It is time for GW starting tomorrow
I'm going to travel to Touhoku
Ooutijuku is an old town in Edo
They look like clasped hands
It is to keep out snow off the roof
It is a very famous sightseeing spot
I hope to have fun on this trip."
After the earthquake in the East Japan, Japan has had many many problems
There's no foods, no erectricity, no gasorine
In Gunma prefecture, the damage by the earthquake isn't so bad
but we don't have enough gasorine
So we must line up to get gasorine
It takes a long time
Roads are crowded all day long and
the traffic lights don't work during the blackouts
It is very dangerous for everyone
Food isn't enough either
We can't buy a cup noodle at the supermarket
Cup noodle, bread, milk, yogurt are always sold out
Is Japan over
It looks like during a war
I can't imagine a vision of Japanese future
We met at Kita-kamakura station and went to Kencho-ji temple (famous for Kenchin-jiru – a soy sauce soup with many vegetables, tofu and konjac). From through this temple we entered the hiking trail
After one hour, we arrived at the top of Oohira-yama, we and enjoyed the scenery there
And in Touge-no-Chaya (a rest house), I ate oden (a Japanese food made up of several fish meat pastes, tofu, konjac, egg in soy sauce soup
After walking for about an hour, we reached Kamakura-hachimangu shrine, then walked down Komachi-dori street to Kamakura station
Komachi-dori street was terribly crowded, so we gave up trying to eat lunch there
For dogs getting to be on the train, they are needed to be in a bag
My dog is eleven kilograms, so I need a big bag. She will probably hate to being put into a bag."
I found this site lately and I'm getting hooked on. または i'm getting hooked on lang-8
I have tried to read and correct many dairies as much as possible during my free time
I have gotten so much&nbsp;stimulation&nbsp;from the people here
I was encouraged just reading in
At the same time, I can help someone who want to improve their Japanese abilities, and that always makes me feel better
I would like to find my best language exchange partners soon on Skype too
I will write a lot of entries and hope that friends from lang-8 can correct my sentences
I'm a university student,  and I major in Chinese Literature, 
Web dictionaries are really helpful
It's a start for me, And I will do my best
Now
I have to go back to watching ''The west wing'' for my homework
Oxford is a beautiful city
There has were so many a lot of flowers and trees
There is That was the loveliest place I've ever seen
I like it there
They sells a lot of things
For example, A T-shirt, a pen and a postcard
I will buy something at there tomorrow
The name of the animation is \"Daily Life
In Japanese it is called say \"Nichijou\" (日常
She is a student in a high school
She usually doesn't do her homework
So she mostly copies her friends
Do you want to watch this anime?"
Hello! My name is Sumi
My sex is female. \/\/\/I am a girl. (sounds more natural
I am a university student in Japan
I will go to England to learn English and  the culture of England
But I don't am not confident in my English language skill. (you can put it there but it will sound less natural
And, I haven't been to foreign countries
So, I am feel very uneasy
If you help me, I am so will be happy and thank you for your kindness
I am looking forward to your sending the message!"
I have just ate dinner
I ate そうめん and ぶたしゃぶ
They taste is very delicious
I am satisfied about the good dinner
What did you eat have for dinner? (even if you want to ask about last time's dinner, you should use this
I'm interested in your diet!"
I went to the a British pub in this evening
I drunk a pims
It was very delicious
I liked it
It is a drink that has Cucumber and Strawberry in it
If I go to a pub, I want to drink Lemonade
Tomorrow, I'll take the Lessons for 5 hours
After the dinner, We're going to watch the a movie with other country's students."
Today, I'm in Hong-Kong on a trip
I think, Hong-Kong is a good to city to live in for Japanese people
Because the food tastes good, it has good security, and is very near to Japan
But this isn't a good city for sightseeing
Hong-Kong looks like almost the same as Osaka in Japan
So, Hong-Kong has no surprising points for Japanese people
In any case, I like Hong-Kong
Because the people are very kind
Challenge
Today, I started lang8. [use a space between a comma and the next word
My goal is to use English for business and to communicate with foreign friends
So, I write a post on lang8. [You don't write a diary on lang8. You write in a diary, or you write an entry or a post
The theme of my diary is diet
Go diet
Go studying English!"
Nowadays, almost all Japanese people think Japan's future will be very bad
We have sadly pessimistic forecasts
The population is decreasing and the GDP is not rising
But,I am taught that Japan is a good country by the people living in Hong Kong
In fact,we don't have afford may not be able to rise bring up our economy, but we have a good culture, security ,hospitality and so on
If we know how to delivery our strong points for to the world people,Japan will be a more attractive country
For example, a Japanese cultuer seminar speaking with that invited Chinese guests in during summer vacation
Game Creator, world cup in Japan, and Hot Spring tour, and so on
I would like to make many foreigners come to Japan to do sightseeing,and welcome you any more time
Nowadays, I have found out three good methods of studying English
First, speaking and checking it by myself. Then, wright writing my ideas in Engilsh on Lang8. And finally, reading magazines written by in English
The first thing is done with a voice recorder
Sometimes, I feel pessimistic by because of my bad pronunciation
The second thing is depended on by you, thank you
My brain is thinking in English during while writing on Lang8
The third thing, with reading soccer magazines, is very fan fun for me
There are many words I don't know, but I image imagine the meanings of these words
It is 1:30am \/ midnight in Japan now. [midnight = 12.00
So I'm beginning to write a diary in English and I want friends who speak English as their native language. 
I will go to bed soon because I have to get up early tomorrow morning
If I have time tomorrow, I will write again
Practice examination
Today's translating(翻訳する？） from Japanese to English comes out in from an English test
→I don't understand why a lot of people are waiting to buy such a expensive stuff
→It doesn't assme that the economy world have recovered by we graduate from the college.コメ：申し訳あげない。その文の意味わからない。 日本語に書いてなさい。そしたらちゃんと翻訳します。
Now, I am spending one year preparing for the entrance examinations, since I didn't pass examination
I studied hard physics, math, chemistry, and English last year
But, I'm not good at English; especially composition
I shouldn't write such a dull story
I'll be more careful to write interesting entries, and talk about my hobby tomorroww
I put them on, and modeled them for my sister
It is because Japanese leggings are mostly worn by women
Are there people who wear leggings in your country?"
The cat came to my home two weaks ago
Kuro means black in Japanese
Nowadays I'm worried that I can't study hard at home because I enjoy playing with him so much
So I study at the study hall as hard as possible."
Stanford University is one of the world's learning leading research and teaching institutions
It is located in Palo Alto, California
I have inspected there visited it in 2008, after the ASSA2008 conference(?)."
Hello from Sapporo, Japan
Hi, everyone
I'd like to make many
friends from all over the world 
I teach English to elementary, junior high, and high school 
languages' education 
I'm learning English for myself to pass a test in October
I have to memorize many difficult terms."
In Japan schools start in April
I also have to teach math to some
We had a little snow around here again  today
I am fed up  with being  around so much snow
Do you feel spring is near?"
But  I worked 
I know I am not enough young anymore
I got some chocolate and a  muffin because it is  White day
In Japan men usually have to give some sweets to the women
who gave some chocolate to them on the Valentine's day."
I tried to do yoga but did have not done it  for a long time
Spring has just come to my city, so it is not too cold
from  other countries, and many Japanese people
They could speak English fluently, which made me think that
Did you enjoy April Fools yesterday
I told some lies, but they didn't work out well
Chirdren Child abuse
Unfortunately we had two sad and disastrous news about the children child abuse
Is Japan so poor
I cannot understand what is happening here in Japan."
Last day of February
Today is the last day of February
What do you think
We've already had two months of this year gone
Does anyone know of any good ways for me to lose weight?"
My grandfather and the grandmother came today
I have my part-time job today
I also have to work tomorrow
It works hard! It's hard work
The school was a rest today.)There was no school today
I went to my part-time job today
I'll meets my boyfriend now
It will be a school tomorrow.) There is school tomorrow
I will also go to my part-time job tomorrow."
Today occurred at 5:30. (What occurred?) Today, I got up at 5:30. 
I worked hard at the school the going studying
I returned to the house and the house was helped (??). I went back home and did some housework. 
I meets the boyfriend now. I'm going to meet my boyfriend now
I will be a go to my part-time job tomorrow."
It I was late today
The following take care. I'll take care from now on
It will be a I have my part-time job tomorrow
It I'll works hard
It I'll meets the my boyfriend after school
I was up at half past 5 and woke up a my boyfriend and got ready from 6:00 and went to school today
I take a class now. or I`m taking a class now
If a school class is over, I return will go back home immediately and go for a part-time job
A My boyfriend comes to stay at the house afterwards
But, the I don`t have to go to school tomorrow. There is no class. "
Sayachin
The grandfather grandmother returned today. My grandfather and grandmother went back home today
Two people They were both very energetic
We went out with the family on holiday
It will go to my part-time job tomorrow. 
I works hard."
And I go to meet a boyfriend from now on. I'll go to meet my boyfriend after this
I go for a part-time job from 8:00. I go to my part-time job at 8:00
If a part-time job is over, I meet a boyfriend. When my part-time job is over, I'll meet my boyfriend
Recently, I participate in an English conversation class every Friday. I participated in an English conversation class, recently
I had many things to talk about, but I always feel so nervous since I can't speak well in English
I want to remove my mental block, open my mind, and be aggressive!"
Our speaking and writing ability is not as good as our reading
We memorized a lot of English word and grammars at the school
We should learn how to express our thoughts with simple English."
The bus was almost fulled
I met a friend at Shinjyuku at first
It was the hottest day, and I was lucky that the inside of art museum was cooler than outside
I felt relaxed taking my time to see many beautiful paintings. taking a time
We had lunch at a Spanish restaurant near the museum, as there were some people waiting for the tables at the restaurant in the museum
She had reserved a table in Izakaya
After eating, we went to a Salsa lesson
Lately, I haven't practiced Salsa, but I enjoyed it because there were nice people to lead me
I didn't get drunk at all
I must be strong to alcohol. (This is kind of like an exagerration, but it sounds better than may be. Like \"Haha, I must be strong to alcohol, I didn't get drunk at all
I stayed at her place that night
I will talk about last Sunday, too. (the next day)"
I check my mail and this site every day
I also like to read people's ideas about daily life
Today I was wondering why I am taken up by reading diaries and correcting them
It happened to remind me
I was working at a newspaper company
I typed up a lot of manuscripts after some journalists wrote articles
Before publishing them, I had the opportunity to read interesting news on the spot
So I love to read non fiction such as news, documents, and life stories based on reality
I like to communicate with people, not only by talking with them but also through writting down ideas
I think it is easier to catch the get a sense of their personality through writing, and I am deeply affected by it
In Japan, Japanese female like to think about blood type. (space in between \"Japan, Japanese\") 
There are some fortunetelling, such as palm reading, card reading, horoscope and so on
In your country, what is the most popular about way of fortune telling?"
I feel a long ways away from talking to people in Spanish. OR I feel I have a long way to go before I can talk to people in Spanish. (The first example is somewhat informal, and \"a long ways away\" is probably not \"proper\" English, but I have heard this expression before
When I practice Spanish, the words do not come out of my mouth easily, and I often come up English words instead
My brain seems to be full of English and there is no room for any other languages. OR My brain seems to be full of English and there is no room for anything else
I feel foolish. OR I feel like a fool."
Last Saturday, I went to eat out with my neighbours
We went to a Japanese restaurant this time
We had one of typical Japanese seasonal dish(松茸土瓶蒸し
with sasimi ( raw fish), crab, tenpura and so on
I ate too much, but I believe that the total calorie is low
Does this mean: \"I've just been thinking about the idea of breaking up with someone.\" OR\"I've been thinking about breaking up with my boyfriend
When people have to break up with someone, what kind of things do they do
They fight, swear and argue with each other
Those kinds of things seem very unbearable
In my experience, I've always avoided fighting and swearing at each other
 This is the case not with men but with friendships as well
Lately, I've started to think I should have discussed the matter in detail because I could have let the person know what the problem was
I think it would have made the person more mature
Otherwise I regret that I didn't say anything
I'll try to do that in the future."
This morning I had a tennis lesson
I usually have it every Tuesday
I really like playing tennis in groups
I have two instructors,one is a man and the other is a woman
The female instructor is very nice
I appreciate her effort and advice
My male instructor is very strict
Please give me your advice
More than 5 years ago,I had a female friend  who lived in Japan and taught English to Japanese people
One day, I went to pick her up at her place
I thought she seems seemed to be very tired
She suddenly said to me, \"My boyfriend dumped me
I was very supprised to hear that
She continued to say, \"we broke up
At that time I didn't say anything for to her
I wish I had more English ability to encourage her. I would like you to correct this diary as usual
I also would like to ask all my Lang8 friends about this situation
Do you have some good expressions to say to your friend who broke up with her boyfriend
It seems like my friend was very sleepy and didn't want to get up. soon
I opened the curtain a little cause the room was dark and I didn't want to wake her up. my friend up. (\"my friend\" is still right but it probably sounds better with \"her up\" because the reader knows who you are talking about and the word \"friend\" becomes less repetitive
I was reading a book for a while. (I presume your are reading one book
Finally she got up, toasted bread and made coffee for me. OR When my friend got up she toasted bread and made coffee for me. (Usually it's best not to start with the word \"And\" when we write, however it is acceptable when we speak. I used \"my friend\" to avoid repeating the word \"she
After having breakfast, We went to Ebisu (one of the city in Tokyo
The exbition was \"Look at me
It was theme around photographs of nude portraits. \"The photos were depicted various emmotions and relationships
First I thought there were many pohotographs which were depicted beautiful curves of object figures. of the object
I noticed there were many individuality or personality in this photographic exhibition which kind of made it unique
It was nice a experience for me
After seeing the art, we enjoyed the stage show which was performed by amature musicians outside
How nice was it exploring in Tokyo? OR It was nice exploring Tokyo and was a perfectly refreshing day for me
I finished to watching a Japanese drama on Youtube today
The drama had 10 episodes
I started to see watching it from last Thursday, but I couldn't finish seeing all of them episodes until today
I had other stuffs to do on the weekends
I like the Japanese actors Takizawa and Fukada. who are Japanese actors
It doesn't cause any problems
I am can be happy when watching dramas."
I watched a Japanese drama called 流れ星 tonight
Today, was the climax of the drama was climax and I was very moved so much
So I desparately wanted to write about it in my diary
Some One girl was attempting suiscide, while another girl needs an organ to be remain alive
Their lives are intertwined with ( twisted around) each other
PS which is suitable expression? \"Intertwined with\" is a good expression to use here. Alternatively, you could say \"Interconnected with
I happened to find this song, \"Yo no sé mañana\", song by Luis Enrique. (That's a good song! n.n
Olympic Games
Do you all watch The Olympic Games on TV or even in Vancouver
I watch them on TV
I was watching The Mogul Games yesterday
I think that Japanese athlete Aiko Uemura did her best
She did a great job, but unexpectedly, she was fourth place
Actually, I was impressed by the American skier  who got first place
She was perfect. She was very fast and performed beautifully
She showed us her dynamic movements
Bravo
She deserves the gold medal!"
I enjoy watching Prison Break final on TV every Tuesday
I usually recorded it because the show is starts late to start
This Tuesday, I forgot to record it
I am disappointed with in my forgetfulness
Today I had a chatting session with my friend on Skype
We sent messages to each other on the spot. on the real time
So I had some wrong spelling mistakes
I did wrong spellings a lot. 
Or I spelled a lot of  words wrongly. (I don't know the proper grammar of my own language, but most people just say \"I spelled a lot of words wrong
Or I typed wrong spellings a lot
Actually, I  enjoy chatting with her and  I hope we had enough time to talk
The time difference is makes it difficult to find the right time to talk to each other."
Yesterday I played tennis with some members of the tennis club (or gym??) for about 7 hours
I have a little mascular pain on my body. I'm a little sore
Today is my I'm relaxing time at home
In On the program, it usually shows the great ways to cook. (or \"great recipes
It helps me a lot to cook for healthily and it takes only the a short time
I like to cook delicious and healthy meals, not taking so long time that are quick to make
In On the program, some guest, like an actor or actress, comes and have a to chat
I like the situation as they show their actual face true colors, I think. (\"True colors\" is a set phrase meaning \"true personality.\") 
I notice the colored leaves little by little. (I notice the leaves changing color, little by little
At the same time, I feel like I am missing (something), somehow. (Or do you mean) At the same time, I feel like something is missing, somehow. 昨日、私はよこさんと話していたとき、よこさんは「さびしい」と言いました。この文章に「さびしい」を使ったら、次の英訳になるかもしれません：At the same time, I feel lonely, somehow. Or At the same time, it feels lonely, somehow
Do you get the same feelings like me
I saw a movie with the title,  魅せられて, on cinema program on TV today
This is an American movie, but the location is in Italy. (...but it takes place in Italy
The scenes are beautiful
The actors are attractive and play their roles well
Since I can't travel now, at least I can enjoy seeing a movie filmed in any locations."
null
null,"If I take some kind of medicine,(put a space here)my allergy symptoms get well
null,"But I feel dull,(space)sluggish and sleepy which are side effects
null
null,"I've heard vaccinations will be licensed in the near future
null,"I really expect that we will be able to get it safely soon."
I will talk about my way to avoid the hottest days
I'm hooked on seeing the movies at home
I want to avoid having a heat attack
SolatelyI see lots of movies at home during the day
When I am very moved by some scenes, I get gooss bumps and I can't stop my tears
It is no problem when watching movies alone at home, 
but it isembarrassing for me to cry a lot in front of people at the movie theater
So I enjoy seeing the movies at home, I feel like being left alone so I can focus on watching the movies
Another way I avoid the hottest days, is to enjoy reading books inside
Besides that, I (also) have time to study English
That is great, isn't it
It is not so bad just to spenda few monthsinside
I am patient as I wait for Autumn
I would (like to?) visit some places
Maybe I will have a chance to walk around outside. (If I do,) I would visit some art museums in Tokyo and play tennis outside in my neighberhood."
My friends always send me a lot of nice photos and told me some of his\/her experiences there
There are also some nice spots to go bike riding
I want to visit her in the future
This summer was so hot, I avoided the strong sunlight during the daytime
I didn't really get sunburnt. (I think this sounds more natural
Japanese people usually say that Fall is the best time for tasting seasonal foods and appreciating arts
I enjoy the both of them
After eating various foods, I know I should exercise more
I want to avoid getting fat from the cold weather."
I am tired of these hottest days
I like summer the best, but it is too hot for doing things outside
The other day, my friend emailed me that she would go to see the riverside and swim there
I definetely wanted to join with her as I would avoid the hottest part of the day and I was bored just staying inside my house
He was a great driver in the narrow road heading for the river
We found the nice spot where some people were already enjoying the water
When we were ready to go there we changed clothes in his car. Some other people were leaving the spot
They already seemed to have spent a lot of time there
So we went there to soak ourselves: the situation is kind of like owning the nice spot ourselves
The stream in the river is a little bit strong, so we just enjoyed walking a little and soaking in the cold water
The cold water is comfortable for us
We didn't bring our swimming sandals, so we couldn't walk around because the bed of the river was very slippery
I was very happy to talk with my friends and watch the bright water splash
I had a lot of fun adventuring in natural conditions
I really like appreciate the nature."
I'm happy because I like to cook the seasonal meal
After boiling chestnuts for a few minutes, I peel the skin off
I made rice with some chestnuts, seasoned with sweet sake, soysauce and salt
Before serving it, I sprinkle nori, sesami and salt
栗ご飯 This is a famous dish among Japanese people. ( I would mention this after your first sentence
It taste fresh and has a good flavor
When I see the cherry blossoms, it reminds me of the entrance ceremony
My father took the a photo of mine me. 
I looked very proud and was smiling
My father gets is getting older now
After his surgery, he gets is getting better gradually and he enjoys meeting people and playing shougi(将棋)at the community center now
I was very excited to see new people and I was wondering how it was going in school life would be
High school life of mine is my most unforgettable one. High school is one of my best memories."
I continue to talk about いきものがかりwho which is a music band
When I listen to the lyrics of Yell, I get emotioned emotional easily
Somehow I feel something I can't express well. I was genuinely moved
Once I start looking for the songs on YouTube, I just can't stop
At least I suggest that everyone can practice Japanese with Karaoke on You Tube
I got the feeling that every skaters performed very well and they showed their high techniques under all that pressures, many expectations
I liked Miki Andou's performance in the free skating
I was moved to see Joannie Rochette' tears after the short skate session
Mao Asada, the 19 year old captured the audience by completing a triple Axel successfully
In her interview, it seems like she was not satisfied with her free skating as she didn't get it perfectly executed
I think she has got  a strong technique and she will challenge the her competitors again
Kim Yu Na is very strong and performed her routine beautifully and perfectly
I like her performance in the short program
I haven't written a new entry because I had many things to do
Last month, I visited an art museum
I  had arranged to visit there with my friend
I was late to arrive at the museum because I got lost
Seeing the fine arts make me totally relaxed and it took me to the old days
It also guided me to places in Europe that I've never been to before
When I went to Paris, I didn't have a chance to visit surverb. (surverb is that a French name
I felt very romantic seeing some paintings. (maybe \"some of the painting were very romantic\" might be more natural
Last Sunday, I went to play tennis with some team members
After a few hours, it was getting warm, and the sunlight became strong in the afternoon
Today it was raining and it was cold again. (or \"Today was rainy
I think it is weird to have such fickle weather here and there
The law of  nature is getting messed up ?"
Now I'm enjoying seeing cherry blossoms here and there now
I always drive my car when I to go out and I can naturally see beautiful cherry blossoms along the street in some places. 
We I also enjoy seeing them in the parks, shrines, temples and bank along the river. (You didn't say who \"we\" is. If you are alone, don't use \"we
There are Cherry trees in line both sides of the road from the 甲府(Koufu)station all the way to takeda shrine
It seems a lot of cherry blossoms lead us the way to Takeda shrine
I will visit them and ask my mother to take a walk with me during this cherry blossom season. (\"This cherry blossom's season\" means only 1 blossom.)"
A recipe for a Japanese dish
Today, I will talk about one of my favorite Japanese dishes
I have many favorite Japanese dishes
Although it it is difficult for me to choose only 1 recipe, I think this is a good one to bring to a potluck party
Beef & Vegetable Rolls
Salt & Pepper ( a pinch
Spread oil on the cooking sheet of oven plate
Bake for 20 minutes, occasionally put soy sauce mixed with mirin on 
and the taste comes into the rolls very well
Serve them with tomatoes,lettuce or sliced cabbage
I hope you know or can imagine this dish."
It makes me happy to go outside easily
I will wait for summer
I think spring represents freshness and new beginnings in Japanese society
New grades are startng and new workers are joining the workplace
I feel like I'm more energised this time of the year."
Today I cooked {Boiled gut and liver of Chicken with soysauce and suger
This dish won an award in a Japanese competition this year
This is an original dish from Kofu city in Japan
I cooked it while looking at the recipe
I've cooked a similer dish before, but it is the first time I cooked this one
The way to cook this dish is very simple and it is delicious
This dish is has lots of sustainance and it is a nourishing meal
Olympic Games 2
I was wondering if Kokubo ( Japanese snow boarder) would performs very well
You may know it or not, but he causes a lot of controversy in Japan because of some for several reasons
But he did his best and got the 8th place
I expect he is has matured more and he has his future to challenge it do better next time
Aono ( Japanese boarder) also got the 9th place
They performed greatly well although they had a lot of pressures there
My　diary
It is the first time to Iwrite in the dialydiary in on this site
When iI was a junior high student,I used to write my diary  in Japanese and I quit
After that,I sometimes write my dialy diary in English
It's instructive  for me to memorize words
I think I am getting to used to speaking English naturally little by little
I'll keep it up."
Dramas and movies
Lately, I have (I've) been hooked on watching dramas and movies, because I can watch them on cinema program, which is on TV
I signed up for the trial subscription of Hikaritv net
The trial system lasts only for 1 month
So I feel like I have to watch as many programs as I can during this chance
At least I can take advantage of improving my listening skills, while enjoying the movies
I noticed that American movies (are filled with humor), and European and Asian movies have great story lines
My problem is, I can't stop watching them
Moreover, I have to be careful not to gain weight while staying in front of the TV all the time
hooked on\" and \"addicted to\" mean pretty much the same thing. Something you really like and crave for, and can't stop doing. (Just about the same meaning as when it is used to talk about drug or alcohol addictions. , caught up in, Which is more common to use?\"caught up in\" I see this as more of a temporal phrase. To be delayed, or hindered; \"I got caught up in a heavy storm on the way here.\" In comparison with the previous two, it can carry a little bit of both meanings; \"I got so caught up in his web of lies to the point where I would do anything for him\" (a little bit of dramatic sentence ^^;) In this case, the person was \"hooked\" on the lies that where being told, mainly because they didn't know they were being lied to. Also, this sentence the connotation of wasted time and\/or effort. She wasted time doing \"anything for him.\"sorry, I didn't mean to make the explanation so long and confusing
Which is more natural to say?For you entry, both hooked on and addicted to are good 
Some of my friends plan to go on a trip at the end of year
I get nerves, because I can't go traveling at this moment. Spelt it wrong
One of my friends, she is planning to Australia.Wow, I would be envious too
I wanna go there, I guess it is the in the middle of summer in Australia, the season is the oppsite of Japan
I like Summer the best,although we have to be careful not to get too much sunburned too much.You wrote it correctly, however 'too much' sounds more like a native speaker
Be careful not to get sunburned too much.正しいですよ。さすが！
He was a professional soccer player
I borrowed the book because I like him very much and it seem to be a good referencematerials to learn new expressions. (I usually use the word \"borrow\" when you don't have to pay for something to use and then return it. Whereas \"rent\" is more for something that you would pay and return. eg. \"I borrowed my friends pencil.\" \"I rented a DVD from the video shop
It seems like he express his thoughts in a natural way, it was straight forward
I admired his efforts and his potential talents as a professional player
He played the soccer matches with his clever strategy
After his own decision to retire from his career, he still has a  vision to help others using soccer as an encouragement for young players and children living in poor countries."
Nice to meet you! This is my first entry and I hope to not make too many mistakes right from the beginning
Tomorrow I will take an English exam, so I need to practice a bit
Let me briefly introduce myself., firt
I'm studying English at university, not just because it's an important language to know, but also because I really like it. (In American English, we typically say the full name of the University, or \"in college\" instead of \"at university\". British English allows this, though
My main interests are cooking, traveling, and listening to any kind of music, depending on my mood
I'm also interested in watching motocross road racing, although I don't ride a bike
Currently I don't play any sports
But When I was small I played many of them like dancing, swimming, skiing, palying volleyball, and tennis
Sadly, I had to quit because I didn't have enough time left to study
But Now that I'm a university student I can start again
After starting elementary school
I began to yearn for curly hair style, and to be a cute girl with pierced ears
At that time, there are were not many people who wear with pierced ears, even among adults around me
Of course I don't think anybody could have not imagined that the guys became would start to wear pierced earrings like a lady
Is it the same as in America
Even now, I still do not often see the young girls wearing pierced earrings in Japan
I think it is because of Japanese school rules
It seems they are getting more mild lenient when compared to my school days, but we still have a \"school rules\" in Japan
I will talk about what kind of school rules we had at my school in my next entry. 
Hi everyone, I would really appreciate it if you read my diary and your help me out :)"
As you know we have a school uniform in Japan, and we also usually wear a T-shirt or a camisole under the uniform
But ours had to be white in color
It was not acceptable to wear another color
Also we had a school shoes. Everyone had to wearing the exact same shoes with specified socks
Which had to be all white color or white with one or two top stripes
They checked out all of the students every month…
Why did we have to be wear the same things, and have to have the same hair style
But first I visited Paris by myself for 2nights…traveling alone for the first time was very lonely
It was not too bad more then I  though, but I always had to take food with me, and I was not able to share so many beautiful things
After that, my friends joined my trip, and made it more fun
Have you ever traveled by yourself?"
Did strict Japanese school rules make me a person with half of a brain
I believe that I was taught how important it is to have rules and follow a line to spend in many people with comfortable.---not sure what you mean here
16 years later, I began to finally understand it…
Looking back, it taught me about having common sense, which has been useful in my life. 
However at the time, I could not understand it
I wished I were an American girl and I could definitely wear stylish clothes to school and also have stylish hair
From that time, I began to have more of an interest in America than when I was younger."
You might have thought that I gave up this diary after three days.(We called it Mikkabouzu:三日坊主 in Japan
But no~, actually I was taking the weekend off
Today I will write about some Japanese school rules from when I was in junior high school
The memory still makes me laugh.(LOL
Boys: Clean-shaven head with maximum hair length of 7-8mm
I totally forgot the exact number of length, but I am sure it was under 1cm
Girls: If you have bangs, the length should be above the eyebrows
Also the length of your hair should be above your shoulders
Of course, whether you are a boy or a girl, you cannot have a perm or dyed hair
Especially I had a long hair since I had special permission. (I would put this sentence together with the next sentence like this: \"I was given special permission to have long hair because I had been learning traditional Ryukyu dance since I was 7 years old
My First Diary Entry
I have never written an English diary in my life, but I will try to keep writing and hopefully I'll polish my English skills at this opportunity
Why did I started to learn English
My aunt is married with to an American. She has visited my place in Japan for every year with fabulous gifts and sweets
I am just starting to have an interesting in America and thinking America is like my dream land
To be continued..."
Why was I interested in America
The fabulous gifts my aunt gave me from there were always so fantastic
 I had never seen any of them before in my life, such as an animal print bed cover be glow by electronic and lighter, colorful bathing suit etc....**not sure what you mean to say here: such as an animal print bed cover be glow by electronic and lighter
I only had an  ugly, dark-colored bathing suit that was called the \"school swim suit
When I was young, more than 20 years ago now, I don't think there were really any cute and fashionable clothes for children in Japan.  
So my colorful clothes were always my boast!-?? what do you mean to say here
Also some pictures she showed me from America were shocking
that Americans lived in big houses with fancy interiors
I was also surprised that the streets there were so wide
It was when I was 4 or 5 years old, at that point I had never seen any foreign movies
In the pictures, people had different colored eyes, hair and skin
it was so cute! They looked like dolls that I used to play with 
to be continued
クラスマッチ　is like the sports festival
But we lost
So I want to win the next game time."
You tolking talk to me please
They are the same age as me.Strictly speaking, \"me\" should be \"I\" in formal EnglishYou can also say \"They are as old as I am\" or\"We are the same age\" where \"we\" refers to you and your friends
Today,I played in my house with them.(Teenagers normally use \"hang out\" for spending time with friends.Children usually use \"play\".So,if you wanted to use \"hang out\",it'd be,\"Today,I hung out with them in my house
Finally I completed my chain mail.  (or you can say \"I finished making
Actually it is called a \"coif\", it's a kind of hat
I can't remember why I started to make it. (usually thinking verbs like think, feel, remember, etc. are present tense unless there is some distinction... for example... I couldn't remember why I started to make it, but now I remember
Anyway, my fingers are numb because I worked with almost my bare hands. (you can say \"my almost-bare hands\"... that means you were wearing very very thin gloves... but I think you mean \"I worked with my bare hands most of the time
I love making stuff. (if you don't use make+object, it sounds weird. you could say \"I love creating\" and it's okay
I especially like making medieval weapons or props from movies
I took the photo and sent it to my friend who lives in Tong-Young
As soon as she received the photo, she told me that she wants it
45 days later, the wand maker sent the wand to her
And that was on Wednesday
And I went to bed a little earlier than usual, about 10
I woke up at in the middle of the night, coughing
Actually, I didn't do any exercise for several months
Today, I went for an outing to a kind of theme park with my family.Perfect
Unexpectedly, there was a Japanese Drum Show.This is grammatically correct, but a little awkward. It would probably be better to say, \"We were surprised to see a Japanese Drum Show
The show was performed by Ondekoza., 
which is one of the famous Japanese Drum performanerce groups in Japan.Alternatively, you could say \"Japanese drum performing groups
Anyway, It was nice to listen to the drum sound outside
If you look at each Katakana, you can find letters which shows the pronunciation of the word
Then I was inspired by those fonts and created \"TREE\" font
without any help
long time no see^^haha
4 months have passed since I came here
We rode many attractions and screamed a lot
However it was closed for testing
So I want to ride that when I go there next
Today, I had a presentation in my class
I did a presentation about the new therapy for cancer
I am looking forward to the coming summer vacation soon..."
snowing
hi
nice to meet you
it's snowing now
very coooooooooooooold>< you can also say \"soo cold
I have remembered England
I wanna go there again
however spring is coming soon
I like spring,because it is warm
there aren't anycold days
I have forgot English;; you can also say \"forgotten English, but \"forgot\" is okay too
I have to study hard
Marry Me \/ ELLEGARDEN
somewhere closer I can hear the wedding bell
It's a fine day I am wearing a blue shirts like the sky
I am standing in\/on the line while holding confetti
I see the girl of my dream(s) is shining like the sun beside him
you (were)?an idol in high school
he was a quarter back
he has sold me a photocopy of your photograph
I am standing in\/on the line while holding confetti
I see the girl of my dream is smiling like the sun in her wedding dress
won't you mary me if I could be a rich boy
won't you marry me if I could be very handsome
won't you marry me if I could be a tall guy
don't you marry him if I could be in the next life
maybe not
she doesn't remember me
maybe not 
she doesn't know how I feel
maybe not 
she doesn't even know my last name
won't you mary me if I could be a rich boy
won't you marry me if I could be very handsome
won't you marry me if I could be a tall guy
don't you marry him 
he's just another stupid (person)?in the next life
I like ELLEGARDEN
they are ajapanese rock band 
however they are in aninterval now 
TAKESHI HOSOMI sings in this band
his English is very good
It's morning in Japan now. or It's daytime in Japan now. (The first sentence is more natural
I'm going to go out later
I drew a picture 
sometimes I draw a picture even though my painting skill ispoor(+_+)"
It is continuing a to be very hot day recently
I don't like a hot day but I also don't like very cold days
It is night time in Japan now
however sometimes I feel lonesome during the night
so I always listen to music that I love
so I have planned to give chocolate to people who work with me at my part-time job
of course I will make the chocolate by myself
I wish everyone a happy time on the Valentine's day
I want to learn English because i need it to for my future
I want to go to a the country where English is which its official language is English and I want to learn and improve my English."
Five \"senses\" are very important to me
I am always proud of this sense. (I noticed that my hand writing was uprising while I wrote this article on paper.) My recent writing is pretty good. I hope I can keep it up, and that flowing inspirations are always there when I am writing lyrics
Although I'd like to call myself an \"English lover\", I know my execution of English is hilarious, when it comes time to write
Dear Rachel, my friend from language exchange, what are you doing lately
You haven't sent me email for a while, I can't help but feel lonely
In the last six months, I have been fascinated by the world of rhythm
I joined a band as a Djembe and Cajon player last month
The band's name is kinda [sexually explicit\/lewd], so I don't think it would be appropriate to translate it into English here. (Actually, I have no idea how to translate it.) The band seems cynical [I was confused here, so I guessed that 'the band' seems cynical], but the members are very earnest (about what they do) and play very well
The thing worth mentioning is, last week, something inspired me when I was practicing the hand drums. I played a lot of new patterns and am good at flamenco all of a sudden
I wouldn't say I have a sense of rhythm, I still have a long long way to go, but my hands have started to feel something. It is delightful
To be continued …
I know this article is full of mistakes. Please feel free to tear it to shreds."
meeting delays again and again
The meeting was supposed to be hold  held yesterdary afternoon
However,our section manager have had extra bussiness work in at that time
The meeting had been  was put off till today
It's almost time to get off duty finish work now
But the meeting isn't  hasn't been held yet
WhatWhen would be the time is the best time?"
Hello everyone！I want to grow up
Hello everyone.  I'm a chinese girl
My name is Yue. Don't forget to use a CAPITAL letter at the beginning of your name
I'm a student at a university in Beijing. You also need to CAPITALIZE the first letter of a place name
yes,My English is not very good
In other words it is so bad
Sometimes,I really want to know why i do it like this. Why you do what
I really want to grow up! When I grow up I  can travel to any place that I like
 )       So much
In China,we learn English by reciting words and learning grammar
That isn't very fun
I love the language,but I do not like the teaching method
I know my shortcoming is my small and basic vocabulary
I will more coming.  Do you mean \"I will write more soon
I want to develop my English in order to be better than before
I Wish the best to you."
I got a three day weekend a week ago
It was quiet nice weather, I went to outlet mall in Kobe. (Outlet Mall is a new term for me
It was takes an hour and half from my home to there by train
Kobe is a port town next to Osaka prefecture
These port towns have a similar landscape
It must be more than a year that I haven't practised my English
It sounds like an excuse but I spent most of my time in studying Japanese
But now when I want to speak(or write) in English, I find that I think the sentences in Japanese first
After coming back to Taiwan, I usually stay home all day because I am so too lazy to go out
Now, if I have free time, I'll just go downstairs and spend not very long a little time doing some exercise
I study Japanese, so I can speak Japanese very well like a native
I'm Japanese so because I can speak Japnese fluently
Now, I'm studying Spanish hard because and I live in Spain
Monday, Thursday, and Friday, I have a class in the morning and Tuesday and Wednesday, in the afternoon
Today, I studied lots of vocabulary. For example, the name of food and clothes, by Spanish. I know that <meta http-equiv=\"Content-Type\" content=\"text\/html; charset=utf-8\"><meta name=\"ProgId\" content=\"Word.Document\"><meta name=\"Generator\" content=\"Microsoft Word 11\"><meta name=\"Originator\" content=\"Microsoft Word 11\"><link rel=\"File-List\" href=\"file:\/\/\/C:%5CDOCUME%7E1%5CDANHTR%7E1%5CLOCALS%7E1%5CTemp%5Cmsohtml1%5C01%5Cclip_filelist.xml\"><!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <w:WordDocument> <w:View>Normal<\/w:View> <w:Zoom>0<\/w:Zoom> <w:PunctuationKerning\/> <w:ValidateAgainstSchemas\/> <w:SaveIfXMLInvalid>false<\/w:SaveIfXMLInvalid> <w:IgnoreMixedContent>false<\/w:IgnoreMixedContent> <w:AlwaysShowPlaceholderText>false<\/w:AlwaysShowPlaceholderText> <w:Compatibility> <w:BreakWrappedTables\/> <w:SnapToGridInCell\/> <w:WrapTextWithPunct\/> <w:UseAsianBreakRules\/> <w:DontGrowAutofit\/> <w:UseFELayout\/> <\/w:Compatibility> <w:BrowserLevel>MicrosoftInternetExplorer4<\/w:BrowserLevel> <\/w:WordDocument> <\/xml><![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <w:LatentStyles DefLockedState=\"false\" LatentStyleCount=\"156\"> <\/w:LatentStyles> <\/xml><![endif]--><style> <!-- \/* Font Definitions *\/ @font-face {font-family:SimSun; panose-1:2 1 6 0 3 1 1 1 1 1; mso-font-alt:宋体; mso-font-charset:134; mso-generic-font-family:auto; mso-font-format:other; mso-font-pitch:variable; mso-font-signature:1 135135232 16 0 262144 0;} @font-face {font-family:\"\\@SimSun\"; panose-1:2 1 6 0 3 1 1 1 1 1; mso-font-charset:134; mso-generic-font-family:auto; mso-font-pitch:variable; mso-font-signature:3 135135232 16 0 262145 0;} \/* Style Definitions *\/ p.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormal {mso-style-parent:\"\"; margin:0in; margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:12.0pt; font-family:\"Times New Roman\"; mso-fareast-font-family:SimSun;} @page Section1 {size:8.5in 11.0in; margin:1.0in 1.25in 1.0in 1.25in; mso-header-margin:.5in; mso-footer-margin:.5in; mso-paper-source:0;} div.Section1 {page:Section1;} --> <\/style><!--[if gte mso 10]> <style> \/* Style Definitions *\/ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:\"Table Normal\"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-parent:\"\"; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:10.0pt; font-family:\"Times New Roman\"; mso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\"; mso-ansi-language:#0400; mso-fareast-language:#0400; mso-bidi-language:#0400;} <\/style> <![endif]--> mañana means tomorrow. (BAD USE of example.) 
To Learning a foreign language is too difficult, but I study hard
I want to speak English and Spanish and of course Japanese
Hey guys
I've noticed that being polite in English-speaking cultures is extremely important, whereas it's not so important here in Argentina
For instance, I've been told that saying \"What?\" when you haven't understood what somebody has just said is not good manners. (This totally depends on the situation and what company you keep. If you are with friends and family it is totally acceptable to say ¨what?¨. However, there are much nicer ways to clarify what you have heard. You could say \"sorry?\", \"excuse me?\" or \"pardon?\". 
Instead, you should say: \"I'm sorry, could you repeat that?\", \"Sorry, didn't quite catch that\". The second example seems very British, but both are quite polite
My friends will come are coming to Singapore
My friends will come are coming to singapore next month
Where should I I bring them to
It's a very difficult problem
So I'm going around Singapore the next big long weekend
As a first step, I'm going to the Art Museum and as well as Geylang to eat some durian."
But they also make me a little melancholy. (Sounds more natural
Now, Japanese often go to drink and eat with their company at the beneath the cherry blossoms in full bloom to enjoy the short-lived blooming more
Sometimes we can enjoy cherry blossoms  even at night because they are lit up
So from ancient age to now, Japanese seems to become restless in this time."
Nice to meet you, everyone!!"
This is my first time
Today, I registered with LANG-8
I am working at an American hardware company as an engineer
Sometimes, I must attend meetings with foreigners
However, my spoken and written english are so poor, and I am afraid to open my mouth. ('However' is more politically correct than 'but', so use however instead. You could also start this sentence with 'The problem is
Can you help me to study English using the same method english-speaking people use
Tomorrow I'll go to a picnic 
Yesterday fall to I determined to go to the picnic
I'll go to the picnic, and take picture graduation photos
But I'm sad.....ㅠㅠ because I have nothing to wear for the picnic
But you can you not help me for it?"
works is killing me
Now, I'm in the first year of being a doctor, residents, 
and I'm working in the ER
All my soroundings, such as ordering, medications, and
My badly habits
These days, I put my room key in at the bottom of my bag, 
which sometimes puts me serious situations that where I wonder where my key gone
So, I think I should keep my keys in the my pockets
Hello
I'm Tomohiro, and I'm Japanese
I've just started to learn simple English writing how to write in simple English, 
so let' become to be friends
Today I'm going to introduce my guitars
One is a Gibson shred X explorer
the other is an Epiphone Goth 1958 explorer
Digging potatoes
I dug up potatoes on Sunday
There were very many of them
I was very tired because Sunday was very hot."
I love Heavy Metal music with English Lyrics
Therefore,I think I want to study English
Now,I have been reading lyrics with dictionary
Please correct these sentences."
Today, I presented the final report of the first semester to the professor
My summer vacation has finally started
I want to learn some guitar techniques
It is very hot these days
I try to keep cool when I'm in my room
When anything does not meet his expectation, he will throw lots of vulgar words at you with his temper tantrum just like one of those kids
Suck it up:  Whatever the client does to me and no matter how hard the job is, I have to suck it up for my career, but when the client runs off the edge in common sense or morality to hurt me, I will not just let him violate my dignity
Actually, it has happened a few times
On the other hand, the crystallized intelligence will fill my head to make the ability of learning new thing harder, and I guess that is why some people are getting stubborn as they get older
Some older people like to suggest things to you or tell you what to do and they believe that they are right because they have as similar experience as yours or have more life experience than you
When I was 10, there was no the internet, but nowadays, 10 years old children starts using PCs and using the internet, so if they have their own PCs, or parents allow them to use one, they can learn things from the internet without adults' help
That is a big different with my life at \"10 years old
Many children can see so many things they are not supposed to see (at least, adults do not think they should) on the internet, and use e-mails, chatting tools or facebook, twitter, my space to contact with friends or make new friends
The internet makes things easier and the habits it brings about makes young people impatient, because everything is going very fast and you would have to get on a train to catch what happens around them
I miss the ordinary days when we had to wait for each other at a clear landmark to meet up, even if sometimes there were several McDonalds around the station and made each other wait for 3 hours and went back to home with angry
Does being full of the fluid intelligence not also mean that the brain is not developed enough
I really do not know about that, but the % of teenage crime is getting higher and higher
A 12 years old Japanese girl killed her best friend by cutting her throat because she felt her best friend hurted her so much by gossiping
Someone says the crime isn't increasing but why people think it does is because people can receive so much information on the internet
Taiwanese are really into the star signs, and even in interviews, some interviewers really care about the candidates' star sign
However, the Japanese do not really understand the logic of star signs because they believe the blood type is more conceivable than star signs
My blood type is O, which belongs to people who are good at socializing and have an open personality
My sign's personality is also very similar with my blood type. So basically, I should be good at socializing and have lots of friends, but I am not
Everything has an exception, and I guess I am not counted in the statistics of the star signs and blood types
I injured my back a few times when I was 17 to 25 years old, and that's why I started doing exercise to protect my back
Last week, I felt my back was back to the normal condition and I stretched and moved my body in a very comfortable area
Well, maybe I was too excited on the beach, so I dived to the sky and fell on the sand beach and heaving ocean by a leaning back pose. This sentence is confusing to me. Try rephrasing
I am sure the pose is not good for my back
Please tell me how to stretch the body to increase the flexibility without injury?"
Because of my back's injury, I went to Chinese medicine clinic for a while
The Chinese massage is also one of their treatments
The difference between Chinese massage and other massages is the Chinese one will make you beg the massage therapist to stop, because it is painful enough to make you scream
After the therapy, I felt like I was violated, but it did help my body come back on the right track
There is an (??) of the Chinese massage therapy
The Chinese name is 拔罐 and because I dont know how to explain it, I got this from Yahoo; \"the usage of vacuum cupping on the skin's surface to create a suction to relieve aching and soreness
I am (did you mean to say \"not sure\"?) sure about if readers will understand that
Anyway, after that, you will get BIG marks on where the vacuuming cups were
lol  If you have blood circulation has a problems, those marks will stay on your body for 2 weeks, and it did happen in my situation
The odd pages will be your part and the even ones will be mine
I am tired enough from work and don't even have the energy to care about anything
If your sales cannot reach the target this month, I am sure you will receive an ultimatum from your manager
Parents threaten children to do or not to do things with horror stories
I did not write dairies for almost a week because I was lazy.( I am not going to say BUSY) My previous English tutor told me to never use BUSY as the excuse to postpone something, because no matter how much busy you are, millions people will be busier than you such as presidents, CEOs, celebrities and a lot of people
I went to the Chinese medicine hospital last Thu, helped my Japanese friend to find a sweet room on Fri, set up the internet and went to a darts bar with him on Sat, played the beach vollyball and fooled around with some new friends at a beautiful beach in the north Taiwan on Sunday
Last Friday, a Japanese friend of mine came to Taiwan for a business trip and I took him out to go to a dim sum restaurant in Taipei city
We had the dinner with 2 other people who were a Japanese guy and a Taiwanese girl
or arrowing buddy?) and as the time went by, I realized the Japanese guy and me both are working for the same industry and have a few mutual friends
He quit his job and he had spent 4 years to study abroad in Taiwan to improve his competitiveness; which, by the way, was the same reason why I came to Taiwan
That was a huge surprise for me but I was not close enough to him to ask him for a big favor to introduce me to his previous company, so I did not do anything for(you had correct grammar but it was a little strange) that
However, this did help me know that I could call a representative of the company's US branch
confusing what story this is until I read the rest of your entry)) story was, there is a sales manager of a big retail chain store in Japan and he came to Taiwan for an interview on a short trip just few days ago. and I am familiar with that company he interviewed with, because that company used to ask me for (what position? Were they asking to hire you?) position but I would politely decline
He came to Taiwan with his friend who works for the same company as the darts-buddy guy, (let's call the company AAA) so after I finished some crap((??)) greetings, I asked the sales manager if he had any information about jobs in the US
As I said, I already knew AAA is looking for someone for the US branch, so when the sales manager answered me that he did not ((didn't what?)) any of them, I asked him that \"is there any chance AAA is seeking someone for that?\".  Just as I expected, he asked his friend about the job for me and by\/at the end of the day, a representative of the US branch e-mailed me
Well, let's get back to last Friday
I heard someone yell my name as I just stepped into the bar and saw a woman was waving her right hand against to me
She was one of my classmates of my ballroom dance class ( Yes, I went there and wore tight fitting pants and shirts) and we had not seen each other for almost a year
One of my friends just gave me information that a Japanese company is looking for a candidate who has experience in the industry and can speak Japanese fluently and move to the US
I am not going to say that I am the guy but it is kind of suitable for me
It will be a big change if I can nail it and I really hope I can, because I have been hungery to get a job in the US
I realize that sometimes, whatever skills or abilities you have, they cannot be stronger than connections or pulls
Bike
I bought a bike in the evening of Sept. 10th, and I have already riden it for over 450km
My goal is to ride at least 1,200km per month, which means I willhave to ride for 40km per day on average
Well, it's really short for biking, but when it becomes a daily routine, it will not be that easy
The brand of my bike is Giant
I guess it is not that popular in the US
The most famous brands of road bike in the world are COLNAGO, BIANCHI, De Rosa, Cineli and Pinarello
Top class bikes from those brands will cost a minimum of 10,000 US dollar
How much is my bike
Take a guess
The cost of a race horse is almost twenty billion won(Korean monetary unit
On the other hand, a general horses' price is about twenty million won
Many people probably won't think this is a special story
The story is not over\/finished. 
The owner of horses have to select a strong, able horse and make him into a race horse
In order to be a race horse, he needs parents who were race horses
And, he has to pass the test
The owner locks horses in a fenced area
The horses can eat lots of plants but they cannot drink water. 어뜬 말? 우리는 알아요
7 days later, the owner open the fence door and allows horses go to the pond
The horses probably feel really thirsty
At that moment, the owner raises a flag. (the reader doesn't know about the flag yet, so use 'a
It means \"stop\".\/ It is a stop sign
Almost all of the horses don't stop drinking
But one or more of them stop drinking
Finally, the owner select the horse who stopped drinking as a race horse
It's very impressive to me. \/ I was very impressed
If I want to be a great person, I have to be a patient person
Last night, I saw him in a dream
I don't know why he appeared in my dream
It's not a pleasure for me
Anyway, the TEPS scores appeared on the TEPS hompage
my score was 548 points
To take a 'University English Class' that TEPS score must be over 550 points.\/ It is necessary to have a score over 550 points to take a \"University English Class
So I believe my score will improve next month. (it is more natural to say 'improve' when talking about scores
These days, I feel really stressed out
I mean I'm full of cares
I don't know what can I do about my future
Maybe, I have lost my passion after I entered university
The time which is given to me is too short to waste under the influence of passing emotion. ('pitiful' is the adjective form of 'pity', but you can't use it with 'time' here [측은한 시간
Remember your forgotten dream, and don't forget your shiny dream. SHINY?? 빛나다???"
I quit a my job a one week ago
They also use FACEBOOK so it is really easy to contact them
I cannot wait to see them
I will have a test , but I forgot almost all of the English 
You might say \"Is this a joke?\" No , this is ture 
OK , I think I can start learning it again from the beginning from my junior school's books
I'll try my best 
God help me."
It was Christmas day a few days ago
A lot of colorful apples were packaged and sold around on the street. This is because there was a word that sounds like something between Christmas Eve --silent Night and apple
If you get an apple between silent night and chirstmas day, it means best wishes for health and safety in the new year
The city was cold that I was in
and snowy before Christmas but after Christmas it was a sunny day
People wore red hats and their noses were red due to cold while strolling the street in the night
Actually it doesn't matter about what day today is, the important thing was we got a chance to be relaxed and meet with friends.Never put , before and
English is a trouble to problem for me
Actually I hate English. I started learning English about ten years ago from when I am was a primary school student, but I still cannot speak English now! It's awful
but I must continue to learn, though... It's better not to start a sentence with 'but
not for an exam or some another other reasons, but because if I want to communicate with more people and get more information, I have to
just because if i want communicate with more people and get more information,i have to. I added this to the sentence above
but Maybe I should change my study method way to learn
I hope I'll be able to can enjoy English movies or TV shows without captions."
 People can change
I think people can change if they want, do you agree with me
and especially if it's about love
I believe perhaps it's hard but it´s not impossible."
Yesterday was cold and today is cold too
Now I will go to shopping and relax
My boyfriend is playing a game. [If it is sports: 'My boyfriend is playing in the game
My boyfriend all are breaking. [..I don't understand
I want a dark chocolate
I go to the gym [?] for sports everyday
I was tired but chuffed with myself
I dont want to be ill
goodbye."
I'm listening to good music 
Good morning, really good morning
Despite having a bad dream."
Sick and ill Sic and Ill
I dont feel well today
because I was sick, and tomorrow 
I cooked some soup and now I think I will go to sleep. )) .....Ithink I will go to bed."
I want to go to sleep because tomorrow I will wake up very early
I am suffering from hiccups
I will watch an animated cartoon and go to sleep 
Good night everybody."
I have dried squid in my mouth
I'm watching the beginning of the Grammy Awards and then I will go to sleep
I'm a stupid girl
I'm a cooking a lemon pie
It's a very nice day, but the weather is very cold
My mother loves me
Everybody dance"
Hello world
We have had many a lot of candies candy on the Monday evening . <<I assumed you were talking about the past. If you're talking about the future, the sentence would be, \"We will have a lot of candy on Monday evening
There was also a lot of beautiful music. <<English sentences need a subject and a verb. There are a lot of different ways to start this sentence and what I have in red is only one. Another way to say it would be, \"We also listened to a lot of beautiful music
I want the warm weather. I wish the weather were warmer. <<I don't have enough context to make a perfect suggestion, but without that context my sentence is probably better. Your sentence is fine if you add something to the end like, \"the warm weather we had last spring.\">>"
Beatles - I Wanna Be Your Man.I like that that song by the Beatles...\"I Wanna Be Your Man
Ohhhh great song.Ohhh it is a great song
I will work tomorrow .I have to work tomorrow.I don't have tomorrow off."
I'm going to watch a serial called \"According to Jim
I didn't go to the party because I'm ill. <-- Past I am not going to the party because I'm ill. <-- future
My friends will be drunk
I so miss to my friends so much, they who live to 470 kilometers away ))"
I'm trying to figure out how this title is related to the content of this diary entry
Even though we are apart, thoughts of you are with me every day. You mean so much to me, and I want you to know that I miss you\" - written on my mug you gave me
This part doesn't make sense to me. Are you saying \"Even if you are beside me, I'm still missing you
Why is my body sick like this 
Oho, I know now
Because I'm  an athletic girl
Recently I've begun to take care of my body. [Are you talking about YOUR body, or other people taking care of their health? It is unclear
So I do not like it when people do not pick up the phone 
I'm starting to get nervous all of a sudden 
I'm going to cook soup for my boyfriend, but first I want to read 
It is still cold on the street, spring does not want to come. It is very sad 
Okay, I'm going to read
I have just finished deinner my dinner with my sister
What do you think did we eat we ate
I'm a graduated school student, and I study health sciences
Lectures in English is so hard.in English
So, I want to learn English.Therefore, I want to learn English. 
And,I proposeplan to study abroad after 3 years
I　look to you for guidance.=> I am looking forward for your guidance
接続がなおるまで？２，３時間何（なに）もすることはない。
その間（あいだ）ギターの練習をして「誰がために鐘は鳴る」を覚（おぼ）えたいと思う。
job hanting hunting
I am worried for the future
so exciting match!!! It was so exciting! It was such an exciting match
Please Chack check my diary"
I am an live in \/ come from* Aichi Prefecture coming from of in Japan. (*If you want to say \"I come from Aichi Prefecture\", that means you no longer live there, and you're telling someone about your 出身
I had it in mind to go to NY in the spring of this year, and to speak improve my conversational English more. (If you phrase this sentence in the past tense, it means something you wanted to do, but were unable to. I think it's similar to: 春にニューヨークへ行くはずでしたけど、・・・<--- I hope that's correct (^_^;) If this is something planned for the future, you would say: \"I'm thinking of going to NY in the spring of this year, to improve my conversational English\". If this is something that INDEED happened in the past, write something like: \"In the spring of this year, I went to NY to improve my conversational English
I am interested in European football
JLeague, and Premier League, and so on
Please check my diary"
I want to learn English because I really like to travel and read books
So I need to speak \/ learn English. * this is right, however I think learn fits better with what you want to say
This week is it has been very cold in Mallorca
Now the island is very quiet and there aren't any tourists people
I like Scotland very much
I have been stayed there twice with my wife and my children
The people seems me very nice
I would really like to very much return to this place
On Saturday I usually I go to my son's soccer game
Today he has got scored one goal
In Spain there are two very goods teams: Real Madrid and FC Barcelona
I like Real Madrid but my entire family are FC Barcelona's fans
In a few weeks we'll be in it will be Chirstmas
I like it I'm looking forward to it because I'll be on holiday and I can travel with my wife and children
Perhaps this year we don't won't go anywhere, and in this that case we will have a lot of time to play together at home
At this moment I'm learning English language with some friends
We need to learn vocabulary and practice a lot of conversation
I would like in a few years to know English to so I can teach it to my children and contact with English speaking people arround the world
I'm living in Hokkaido which is the northern most part of Japan like Alaska is in US,and I've been studying English for 2 years
I want to be able a to read web site in English but my study is very slow
I hope someone will help me learning English
The reason of my why I am studying English
Today I will try to write that why do I study English
That It was a few years ago, on one hot summer night
I awoke at midnight and saw someone standing at out of outside the window
He was wearing white clothes, and he said (told) me \"you have to study English
He had gone left only that saying. (flip) saying only that. 
Can\/Do you believe me?"
What would you say if you presented Lang-8
Why don't you recommend it to everybody
My boss said to me
I have worked with HR
So,I would like to recommend 'Lang-8' for them
My friend who a general manager in charge of several people. 
I just listen to him; that is what I can do for him
By having friends, people will be able to reduce their own anxieties and worries, I think."
Two slices of organic breads on a white plate
The bread is spread with cream cheese
If you prefer a sweet taste, you can have a honey syrup. [ can also say, \"if you have a sweet tooth\" 
It is painted with a heart mark with some whipped creams
I am looking forward to adding your corrections
I saw a police, and regulatory signs on the way to the park
In This morning the news said, it was a murder case
I hope that the case will be solved immediately
Nice cut designner
I am satisfied with my hair design cut
I think that I will ask to her to cut my hair next time
Caught a cold
I have a cold in the head
At the concert last night concert, I was dancing and yelling
It was a very exhilarating feeling for me, but my cold is getting worse
My dripping nose has not stopped dripping
I think I'll relax quietly today.]"
I make three lunch boxes for my family every day
Yesterday's lunch was unpopularity
They were all carbohydrates
Today, I got up earlier than usual, made a delicious, hearty, and nutritional lunch
The menu was as below
I will go to bed early today
Today, our company had a BBQ party, and I was a member of the organising staff
I do bought some party goods, prepared some for meals, planned some games and so on
Some of the participants said that it was a very good plan, especially for children
Reference book
I opened (this is correct grammar, but I think \"looked through\" sounds more natural in this context ^^) an English reference book
My son used to study with this in his high school with this
He already graduated it, so he gave it to me
To my regret, I almost forgot a grammar
Maya caught an insect on a dark balcony
Sometimes she shows her wild instinct."
Bad manners
But the part some of the employees have a bad manners
They leave juice, leave pet plastic bottles, and expired foods... [In English, usually PET bottles are called \"plastic bottles\". Or just \"bottles
I was disappointed with it during while I was cleaning
Here This is our office
Sudden Change in Weather
We were going to mow our company's lawn today
However, this was postponed until tomorrow because of the sudden heavy rain
We were soaked to the skin before taking a shower
The morning weather report said: \"The outlook for today is for cloudy skies
What a pity
Accccchoooo!"
Today was my father's sixty-eighth birthday
He enjoys playing golf every weekend
In weekday, He goes to works a half-week
She wanted to buy some souvenirs of Japanese cosmetics
Sekkisei is made by Kanebo
Japanese rice farmers grow rice on the slopes of mountains
Posing as a Student
I went to an open house on Oct 23th
It was a university event of University for the next year students entering next year
I joined as the guardian of my daughter
I mixed myself with the young students and attended an English class
Studying is good, regardless of age
Attached is a picture of the meal I had at the university cafeteria."
I love some discounts tag
Most of Japanese people go shopping at a neighborhood grocery store every day
Some stores are located within 5 minutes by car or on foot
My neighbor store is closes at 9:00p.m
They was had cut the prices on meat, fish, (perishable foods) and delicatessen deli foods
I was able to buy them at a lower price than usually
A foreign visitor has came to my office
I would like to book at a hotel in Nagoya hotel, but most of the hotels were packed
Maybe, because the COP10 is being held in Nagoya, I think
I was worried about their English ability (of the staff) in a countryside hotel, but it they seemed to have managed somehow
She will come again in at February, I can will do my best to talk more."
I updated (uploaded?)a picture of my cat
Her name is  Maya, aged 15, and has a terrific relationship with my family
Last January, she had a terrible illness (or 'she was very ill') and suffered from  diarrhea, nausea, loss of appetite and so on
She has not completely recovered yet. 
We hope she will live longer.（
Strange Smell
What a cold day it is today
I had been wearing short-sleeved shirts until just yesterday
This morning, I immediately took out an electric carpet and a small blanket from the closet immediately
Now I am currently using them, but they have a strange smell..."
Sweets that are more bigger than Japanese sweets
I got a chocolate from Canada today. (Or I got Canadian chocolate today
Generally, overseas sweets are more sweeter and bigger than their Japanese counterparts. (Or than Japanese sweets\/than those from Japan
People must be gaining weight
Recently we Japanese tend to cut down on our sugar."
Today, I had a meeting with my colleague
When we were having a serious discussion, my stomach started to say 'grrrrr
I coughed and made a noise
I felt embarrassed
Chirping cat
She went to the window and started singing with the sparrows
She always makes me happy
Does your pet do any tricks?"
Hangover
It was a great success. [\"grate\" is \"格子\" in Japanese
I and My colleague and I toasted to our success
I feel like my explanations in yesterday's entry were not sufficient so) I would like to challenge myself by writing again
I went to \"Syogahora-tanada\" there is located in Shiratori-cho, Gujyo-shi, Gifu-prefecture
Apparently, this is not a famous place
I found it by accident when I went to a hot spa
I was deeply moved\/impressed."
Does anybody know any good products
Do you like the rainy season
Every morning, I am fighting with my own hair in an effort to style it
My hair looks as though it is three times as much as another person's
Therefore I applied a rich conditioning treatment to my hair tonight
Does anybody know any good hair care products?"
Japanese Custom Sign
Hello everyone, I'm MayaMaya
I am sticking my tongue out
In Japan, this gesture is meant to hide one's embarrassment
For example, you use it when you want to say \"I have made a mistake!\" or \"I made a mistake but I was able to fool you!\" and etc
My dictionary says that USA and UK do not have this gesture
My friend gave them to me around 5 years ago
I would like to upload photos when the roses come into full bloom."
Reset (rest?) time
The weather was good, so I made a lunch in the morning
This is correct. Most people don't use an \"a\" before \"blood pressure\". It is more common to say: \"I have low blood pressure.\" 
What you said is correct. However, I would specify which parent it is because that is more common. If is it both parents put an \"s\" at the end of parent and change the has to have. Example: \"On the other hand, my Dad has high blood pressure.\" or:  \"On the other hand, my parents have high blood pressure
In On the weekday, I have to go to the office at 8:00a.m. so I have to get up early
I Getting up early in the morning is definitely not good."
Many roses were blooming in the park
Autumn Roses are not glamorous as in spring
The park had a fragrance of roses
I just got back to home
Their concerts was so powerful
Does anyone else know them?"
What's the difference between \"french fries\" and \"fries potatoes\"?You can say 'fried potatoes'. 'French fries' are a kind of fried potato. 'Crisps' are another kind of fried potato and they're just as famous. Wikipedia 'French fries' and 'Crisps' in order to see the difference
Can't I say \"fried potatoes\"? You can
Starting is complicated
Well, I'm just starting to learn this language. To tell you the truth I'd like to learn japanese, but I thought it would be better to \"start from the beginning
In my school I have English classes so it will be easy when I study at school and at home
I'm thinking about go to attend a personal english class to learn fast
I hope I can speak well very soon
Well, I'm 15 years old and I don't know how to do anything in the kitchen
But my cover was made with egg whites too, and I didn't make them by the right way
So it got stinky
Nobody ate it
My parents and my brothers said that my cake was the cause of the earthquake in Japan so bad it was. because it was so bad
I want to speak English very well
but my English level is basic
Anyway, I became aware of the following statements last night
I got back to Korea yesterday
It's not much colder than I expected but I couldn't help being surprised when I couldn't see due to the snow
I heard that it'll snow again tomorrow
It would be better if it would stop because soon it is time for me to go back to my hometown
I'll never forget the time i've stayed in RPC
Even though it was only for a short time I was able to experience many things
Thanks to all the people I lived with. Thank you my friends
one of the best things is that I'm able to try anything, any time.. just try
I'm sorry that you became red faced due to me
and thank you for making my ears tickle
Hello everybody
I'm Chinese and a university student
now,The reason why I came here is to improve my English and to help people who want to learn Chinese
In addition，I'm interested in English and Japanese
I thank everybody who has helped me, and is helping me, and want to help me."
I'm a student at HIT in Weihai
This afternoon I was asked to be a referee of a basketball game that was held in my school
I think I was fair to both teams as much as I possibly could
However, there was a student of the loosing team that was foul-mouthed
I was very angry with him
But I didn't know how to deal with it
Please correct my mistakes
① My greatest moment as a student
One day, although I had a plans to hang out with my friends, Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom, Professor Anderson gave me some homework; to make one million sentences in English
About that time, they both were really busy with the filming of \"Pirates of the Caribbean
so it was the my only chance to go out with both together
I am still proud of the moment I made that decision
② My worst moment as a student
My worst moment as a student was the flash of cheating with Kleenex. (I'm not sure what you mean by \"flash\" here
It's a really awesome method
This mainly works sometimes after a few people have turned in their exams
So during an exam act like you are sick; cough, gag, blow your nose, basically do anything to give you an excuse to get up and take a tissue from the teacher's desk
But, while you're up there, sneak a peek of the tests people already handed in
Remember what you saw and write what someone else already wrote, but be sure to put a footnote
③my most memorable moment as a student
My first class meeting in the Metropolitan college was the best moment
At First, I met the my wonderful and very intelligent teachers
Then, I met my generous and fantastic friends
I cannot thank you enough for the meeting. (This sentence seems out of place, but it's grammatically sound
④ My most embarrassing moment as a student
It was when we made a speech about great leaders
Although I chose MLK,Jr., that is, Martin Luther King, Jr., I called him Martin LUCAS King, Jr
Here is a message that I sent to people on Lang-8. (or: Here is a message of what I send to people
I am Japanese. <-- Personally, I think it's slightly better to say that you are Japanese, rather than just speak it
I'm studying English
If you don't mind, please add me as a friend \/ to your list of friends
In this case, add to or on, which is correct
And, what is the difference between them? [Both are incorrect, so there is no difference.]"
And how could Niagara falls possibly have lost to it
Well, maybe if you tilt your head and squint real hard, and have had a couple of beers
To put their rock ahead of Niagara Falls on a list of Canada’s Seven Wonders was a travesty that should have been stopped before it got out of control
On the first day of consecutive holidays, at the foot of Tokyo tower, the sauries given from Ofunato, in Iwate prefecture, were [treated to\/given away to] a lot of people, especially families
Although we were doubtful that we would hold it because of the earthquake [that\/which] devastated Ofunato which was the place for shipment, but it was held anyway and 3,333 flesh sauries were treated
People who ate the fish meal said, : \" Yum!\", \"Even the organs are good
The visitors seemed as though they were enjoying the season of the pleasures, \"a charbroiled saury\" or \"a soup of ground saury flesh
Thank you in advance, Mami
This dish is very popular in Japan, especially in Kansai region.(The word cuisine refers to the overall food of a region, not a specific dish
The name is derived from the word \"Okonomi,\" meaning \"As-you-like-it\", and \"Yaki\" meaning \"grilled\". I didn't know that! Very interesting 
The name originated from \"As-you-like-it\", basically meaning that you can mix in whatever you like
First, you need to prepare the flour, water, oil, an egg, and shredded cabbage
These are basically the only ingredients you need
However, as you may have guessed, using only these five things will not make Okonomiyaki tasty. (This sounds a little more natural
You must add some other of your favorite ingredients
You can add whatever you want: corn, cheese, or sausage, etc 
Traditionally, you add bacon, which is cut into pieces of about eight centimeters, green onions, which should be sliced diagonally and thinly, tenkasu, which is tempura bits, and beni shoga, which is pickled ginger
Second, in a large bowl, you whisk flour and water together until it becomes smooth
Then, you add other things and mix them all together. Be sure not to over-mix so you won’t get tired
Third, pour oil over a griddle that has been heated to 200 degrees and put the Okonomiyaki mixture on it, as if making a pancake, until the mixture is around 1.5 cm thick and approximately 30 cm across
Then add the bacon piece, covering the top of the pancake
Please don't forget that you have to eat it quickly or else someone near you will take your portion."
「ちきゅうに明日かえる」chikyu ni EARTHkaeru\/（We'll head back to Earth tomorrow）
「りすに救われる」risu ni SQUIRRELeru\/（The squirrel comes to the rescue
Hi, I'm Nozomi from Japan
I can teach you Japanese
Could you teach me English
I live in the a dorm with an international student from the U
She is very good at Japanese and always helps me study English
However, because she speaks Japanese so well, I sometimes hesitate to speak English
Moreover, she always speaks Japanese instead of using English, so I don't have enough chances to speak English
Therefore, I try to decide \"ONLY ENGLISH DAY\" and I ask her to speak only English during the that day
Yesterday I wrote \"I like drawing\", so I will exhibit the a picture which I drew
I have loved my musical instrument since I entrance to joined the club."
I have an entrance examination in February  2010
I like drawing pictures
I want to draw pictures
And I like comics and anime
I have heard that \"English foods is not so good\" many times
Some time ago,I heard it in the listening test
After arriving at my office, I always sweat like I’ve had a shower and feel exhausted
Walking in the warm air reminds me of Hawaii, where many people walk on the crowded street at night
I have been walking for 3 weeks but I am not sure how long I will continue."
This is my first time to participate on this site
indigo dye, Aizome dye
I want you to enjoy Japanese indigo dyeing, Aisome dye
water-sensitive dye using onions, so this time, 
we will try Japanese Aizome dye which is an indigo dye
that we will use today was planted by students here and grown with affection
Let me explain how to make it breifly
2) We'll make patterns with rubber bands
up with a rubber band like this.(showing the cloth)  
The place you tie it up with a rubber band will remain as a white 
The tighter you tie it, the whiter it will be
3) After everybody in your group is finished, put it into the pot next to 
4) After soaking it, take it out and expose it to the sun
We have to continue repeat this process 2 or 3 times and 
rinse it until the water runs clear
Maybe we won't have enough time to finish it,so let's do it 
Nice to meet you!　I want to [make\/meet] Otaku Friends
I draw illustrations and manga
And sometimes I sell my manga (drawn by myself) at Comic Market in cosplay
I introduced myself last time
So, I'll introduce about my work today
I changed my job in march this year
I'm a programmer, and have developed many web services
My company has an exciting system
We can spend one day free every week
There is a person who makes machines
and one other person who makes games
Today's my birthday 
I became am 30 years old today
I will be became independent at 30
I will throw away my hesitation at 40
I will understand ood my duty of life at 50
I will be became able to listen to other people's words without reserve at 60
I will be became able not to be contrary to morals even though I follow my desire, at 70
Right now it is three o'clock (after midnight) in Japan
I was learning \"Ruby\" till now
Ruby\" is a programing language made by a Japanese (Matsumoto Yukihiro
Ruby is a very exciting language, so I want to learn more
But I'm so sleepy, that I will go to sleep from now
I think Lang-8 will help us to study a foreign language better. improve our study on another language
My first dialy diary
When I check the watched WEB website about learning English, i get the information of this site
I`m a Japanese
If you're interested in me, please give me your contact details
Goodbye and see you again
Where do you live in
Foreigners may think all Japanese people love sushi
Is it true or false
If you haven't eaten it before ,you must try it eat
You may have been confused by raw fish
To eat fish with raw is Japanese culture
If you eat it, you must shout \"Amazing
I am proud of being a Japanese. \/ Also: I am proud to be Japanese
We are suffering the effects of the big earthquake
I was in Shinjuku, a little far from the epicenter
However all the trains are stopped \/ out of service and many peole were stuck
Even though we were in such a big trouble, when I went to a convenience store to buy food that night, people faithfully picked up goods scattered by the earthquake, and stood in line at the checkout in neat rows, and let their elders go first \/ and gave priority to those older than them. [If you meant \"old\" people, the polite way to say it is \"elderly people\" or \"the elderly.\" On the other hand, \"elder\" simply means \"older,\" but it does not mean that the person is old.]"
I am a student at ... University and an engineering major, specializing in fluid dynamics
Next year I will start working for a prominent global automaker
So I need to improve my english skill in order to communicate with my colleagues all over the world
I will write new entries in my diary every_day
I will edit your Japanese diary."
I am not get used to driving, so I was very tired when I arrived at the shopping center
I met my sister aroud around 11:30 and we had lunch together at one of the restaurants in the shopping center
A waiter\/waitress brought some kinds of bread to our table, and we could take as much as we wanted
However, the taste wasn't good, so I didn't eat so much
After eating lunch, we shopped at a market
I bought some groceries and headed back home soon
Because, the free parking free fee was only for two hours
I didn't want to pay the extra parking fee
I feel really sorry to for them
I hope the situation gets better as soon as possible and the people who are evacuated from Fukushima and all of other victims can go home safely in the near future."
I've never spent  had such a boring holiday like  as this one
I'd get up early, go running, haveing breakfast,spending the whole day at home and then go to sleep
Before the Gaokao college entrance examinations,I began to talked with my classmates about what kind of computer games we were going to play and where we were going on holiday
But none of it happened and the holiday turned out to be so boring as we stayed at home the whole day, every day
I've been waiting for the game World of Warcraft from Netease for almost a month
but now I've almost completely lose  lost my interest
My parents asked me to read more books to open my mind but as most Chinese will know, students that just having finished their entrance exams are in no mood to read books
This is an effect of the style of education in China
I've been struggling with my project and haven't slept for two days and three nights, which is due in a couple of days
Sometimes I was just wonder whether I'd got a good timing
I've heard that people can make it through their tough work with a full, 8 hour long rest and extra time for playing games and stuff.(8 hours is often called \"full night's rest
I have realized that architecture is quite different from the others
Besides, according to our lecturer, architecture is one of the courses that require students to read as much as possible
Without a good knowledge of English or a rich English vocabulary, how am I to read more books
Luckily, I've got dream, and that's what keeps me on for a long time
I hope that I can lay my own landmarks on Earth some day in future
According to the intermediary,the test paper that consists of Maths,Chemistry,Physics is printed in English,which is really hard for us Chinese students
Language-learning is my hobby,which is why I registered an ID here
I'd like to make friends with everybody,to know each other and make progress together."
I haven't logged in to this site for 1 month 
At first, it was a terribly hot summer in Japan
Even now it's more than 35 degrees everyday
The scenery from the summit was awesome 
It was like a different world to my town (everyday 35 degrees
Do you know what this means
We could see the great starry sky at night there
I could count more than 20 shooting stars in just 1 hour
So,this trip was one of my summer's highlights
Let's go into nature!!"
Let me express those list them
By \"the city\", I mean the city is Tenjin
The foods Fukuoka is are famous for are Tonkotsu(pig bones) Ramen, Mizutaki(a chicken hot pot) and
Someone is People there are always walking, running, cycling, skating or paddling a pedal boat
I always saw relaxed and happy-looking family there and relaxed
Halfway down the path I used to go to an art museum halfway down the path
At that time, I'll go to the island, Nokonoshima, that I've wanted to go to."
I love their body color because I find it cute
The fact that those colors depend on what they eat is really fantastic
Something truly fascinating to me is that the color is flamingo pink, and not pink
Speaking of which, I've thought that the color of pistachio is pistachio green, just like pink flamingos
I read that a design company chooses colors and textures from leaves, stones
They keep them in a wooden boxes separated into small compartments 
And then I yearned for this color palette."
Both of them attract the attention of not only for their contemporary artworks, but also for their architecture
This project consists of old houses which were repurposed as installation art by artists
Minamidera\", one of them, was an exciting interactive work, and I can remember the emotions it made me feel even now."
When you listen to your favorite music, your brain releases dopamine
The effect is you're excited or thrilled to hear that music
When I read that, \"I Want You Back\", \"Stop The Love You Save\" and \"Can You Feel It\" came quickly to mind
 because recently I was addicted to the movie \"This Is It\". ( join with the last sentence 
When I hear just the introduction of these songs, I can't resist grinning
It's a happy moment."
 , because I read the novel \"The Unbearable Lightness of Being\" (Milan Kundera) and the novel has become my favorite novel. ( Make one sentence - ... written by Milan Kundera, because I read ... ) 
I have more books I want to read
This evening's mashed potatoes were delicious
I've heard the name of the band and knew the CD jacket which is a picture of a baby boy in a pool
I wasn't interested in them, however, I've been listening to their music recently. ( Finally - this would mean you had wanted to listen to their music for a long time 
I got ( or became ) interested in their music and I got to know the song \"The Man Who Sold The World\" Nirvana played. ( get bogged down - when something takes up lots of time - more than you want to give it. Negative connotation. 
I've heard his name but I've never listened to his music
But now I know his beautiful voice thanks to Nirvana
Recently I heard\/discovered their exciting song \"Under Pressure
And that the song was a collaboration with Queen and David Bowie
And Another fruit that I like is kiwi
As for a kiwi, their coat is cute and their cross-section is attractive
At first I thought it was not acidic enough acid, but I became fascinated with its feature that it is always sweet."
I've yearned to go to the island for ages
This island is famous for being an art island
I first went to the Chichu museum. ←'At first' implies something that changed after some time. E.g.: \"At first I liked her, but then I realized I hated her guts
I felt a holy atmosphere in \"Time\/Timeless\/No Time\", Walter De Maria's work
And I was thrilled by the separation between the museum and the museum's ticket center
My anticipation for what was waiting at the museum increased along that short way!!!"
Their art work inspires me is my type. (This is more natural
The song in which I heard MGMT the listened to first time was is called \"KIDS
When I heard the intro first 10 ten seconds of the introduction of that song, I've been I was already excited
Their music gives me thrill and permeates inside me glitter(I can't express 'わくわく' and 'きらきら' in English). (Maybe you mean this 
Or it might invoke the feelings I had when I was in my childish like kindergarten
I found out about the song \"Only A Shadow\" from their cover
I couldn't believe the song wasn't their latest one
I'm interested in MGMT's cover songs too."
It is the 10th of September, but I feel myself that it is more like the 10th of November! (It is clear that this is your thought, so \"myself\" is not needed. If you really want emphasize with \"myself\", then I would say \"...but I myself feel that
Today it has been was my classmate's birthday
I like to give presents alot but I like to get them too ))) We went to the MacDonald's, then we went for a walk little, and finally we went to her house."
The District Sport Meet (Three sentences
I had to gather players at for the games because I am a member of the Physical Education Committee
However, it was hard work because the number of people is little for the country and a lot of people are uncooperative. [Do you mean the population is small or that not many people are interested for the size of the country
We can know considerably what kind of people she or he is by the first impression when we meet a person for the first time.(From meeting someone for the first time, it is thought that you can understand quite a bit about what kind of person they are based off of your first impression
However, I do not trust (the\/my) first impression, and (discard it\/throw it away\/ignore it
I watch a person closely from the second time on
The most My favorite sightseeing spot in Japan during winter is Hokkaido
There is no It's not easy chance to go there because Hokkaido is in the north of Japan which is far from Kyushu where I live in which is in the south
I like the wintry landscape, though you say it is difficult to visit Hokkaido in winter for because of the snow
Onigiri is a noodle dish and it is my favorite dish
Onigiri is a rice ball which wraps its ingredients in rice and the outside in seaweed
There are quite a lot kinds of ingredients like pickled ume, seasoned tuna, seasoned seaweed and so on
After considering on giving up smoking and consideration(Three sentences) 
It has been more than one year since I gave up smoking
Now I have become sensitive to the smell of the cigarette , choke on the smoke of the cigarette and feel yucky 
When I was browsing the magazines at a convenience store, a heavy smoker whose clothes smelled very bad came next to me. I was really embarrassed
The wild boar enters and eats rice on rice fields
To prevent it we sorround the rice field with iron nets
It was hot since this morning
The practice of badminton (Three sentences) Badminton Practice
Now I have badminton practice once a week for two hours
I want to do it twice a week
My daily meal menu is very simple
The basis of a Japanese meal - breakfast, lunch and dinner - is rice, a bowl of soup and a main dish
My morning meal is, rice, a bowl of miso soup, Japanese pickles, natto, and a main dish
My lunchtime meal is rice, miso soup and a dish 
My dinner is a rice,a miso soup and a main dish (same as my lunch
I drink green\/black\/barley tea while eating
Now I write a short diary every day if possible
Kyushu is the island which is located in the southeast of
The climate is mild, we have the famous volcano, Mount Aso and the world-renowned hot spring, Beppu Onsen
Have you ever soaked yourself in a hot spring
As for the Prime Minister in recent Japan, the number of Tokyo University's graduates has decreased.Question:The number of Prime Ministers who are graduates of Tokyo University has declined in recent years.説明：Since there is an \"answer\" laster on, you should put a \"question\" in order to help keep the continuity of the statement. 日本語で『質問』が書いてありますね。Also, it doesn't sound natural to use time as a modifier to describe Japan: 日本語で『最近の日本』っていうのはokだけど、この使い方は英語では不自然のように聞こえます。
Why?(Tokyo university's examination is the most difficult in Japan and it is a top university in Japan
Neither the academic background, nor the ability connects directly is directly connected
The study of the school Studying is done in a passive standpoint learning from a passive position. and the The abilit talents necessary for the a politician are the sense of  balanced senses, and the talent that invent (develop) the behavioral principle voluntarily. ability to personally take logical action
I will start studing english here from today on
If I use the wrong expressions, please teach me the correct one
In exchange, I will support you who want to learn Japanese
Nice to meet you."
I like Autumn the best because, in Japan, autumn it is the time when mountains are the most beautiful
Almost Japanese land mainly consists of are composed by mountains, and all of them mountains are covered by red and yellow leaves
Also, I think the sunshine is contributes to significant for such beauty. beatifulness
The sunshine in Autumn is gentle and heavenly, and it reflects the colors of the leaves
So, the fields of Japan sometimes sparkle with the colors of Autumn. vaguly
That scenery is a Japanese valuable thing in Japan
I belonged to an international law seminar for three years during my fresh university, and studied about broad theories. (Not sure what you mean by \"my fresh
And, I acted as a leader of the ‘Global Study Committee’, which we established with support from the university
As for my international experience, when I was a high school student, I studied abroad at Eton Colleague in the UK
Also, when I was a freshman college students, I participated as group leader in a research class that pursued an on-the-spot investigation in Palau
I commanded my group members so as to survey the situation\/people\/conditions efficiently.\"commanded\" sounds like you are in the army; \"managed\" might be better."
Last Sunday, there was blind person next to me on the subway platform
He stood in wrong position, where the doors don't open
I thought I should show him the correct place to stand
However, I didn't assist and I only looked at him
The train came and a woman leaded him to door
My heart was pained
I shoudn't have held back, but I could not take a step
I want to be the person who actively helps others."
Playing with children
Last sunday, I joined in on a volunteer activity
This title of the activity was \"let's play in nature
We played with children in the woods. a forest
I was poor at catching insects but I managed to catch them with children
The kids were very cute and active
I enjoyed playing with the children. I enjoyed playing with them"
i bought a shoes
i went to the station to wear my new shoes and took the train
i arrived at a shop sale
there i found a cute accessory but it was high price over budget too expensive
so i did not buy anything
Good evening people, I am Lucia, I come from Italy, I am an Italian student at the academy of art in Frosinone
Frosinone is a small city in the province of Roma (the capital of Italy)..."
Hello, my name is Lucia. I am from Italy. Nice to meet you.  =)"
I went to the tavern \"Kagaya\" at Shinbashi with my friends today
Kagaya\" is known as a funny tavern
It was introduced on the television as a mad tavern. \"The television\" would mean a single television, so to talk about something on TV you can just say \"television\", such as \"on television\". \"テレビで見た\" = \"I saw it on television (or TV
Many foreigners have come here and said: \"This tavern is funny, the master has gone mad
The master of Kagaya is a funny man
First,we were confused by the menu that is written by the master
please give me much more foods!…2100yen
menu２：master! Please make a gorgeous meal by with seasonal foods.…2625yen
Therefore, please make light foods.…1050yen
Please make me much more foods and alcohol to drink.…4265yen
………I was confused… the master is so crasy such a crazy character
He shouted, jumped, danced…I didn't know what he wanted to do
But there are were many people laughing
But I have had a runny nose from since this morning
It is shameful embarrassing to talk because my voice is amusing
I'm feeling many I can feel that there's a lot of pollen floating in the air
Is \"hay fever\" not a major symptom problem\/condition in The US
It's thought that the trains in Japan on during April~March is are very strange
There are many people wearing a masks in the train
I suppose about 10~20% people are wearing masks…
I was surprised to see the scene when coming to Tokyo for the first time because hay fever was is not major in Hokkaido（I was born in Hokkaido Hakodate
There isn't much pollen.）
This morning my daughter's fever was 38.1℃
When we enjoyed a puzzle,suddenly,my daughter said”My nose hurts
I blew her nose,but she felt unhappy,and cried a long time
Today was Saturday, and for the first time in a while, there was nobody home. So for lunch, I just made (a side dish?) something small
Typically a side dish is nothing special. However, I took some chicken skin that I had bought before, dredged it in potato starch, deep fried it, and topped it with ketchup to make a very simple but delicious dish. 
I am 30 years old this year
This year, I will try to study English why that to for foreign travel 
1) Space travel gives us a good view to see our world
2) Suddenly, a blue and green jewel came out from behind the moon
3) The earth looks really bright against dark space
4) It has a special beauty that can only be seen from space
Firstly, the best soil thickness(depth?) is 3 cm for the densely planting of Lippia nodiflora L
can cover the surface early(quickly?) and grow well although the soil condition is being bad. (...even when the soil condition is bad. \/...despite bad soil condition
Furthermore it can utilize the improvement of the coverage and the forming a good view and the simplification of the maintenance by using a ground cover plant like Lippia nodiflora L..Furthermore, the coverage can be improved while also creating a pleasant appearance and simplifying maintenance by using a ground cover plant like Lippia nodiflora L. (?)"
That \"GW\" means the successive holidays at the beginning of May
Then Many people take a trip to various places then
So many roads were congested
But, I stayed at my home. (While \"my home\" makes sense, it's natural to simply say \"But I stayed at home\" as '\"home\" refers to one's own house anyway
And I will be stayed at my home until this GW ends up because I must do my homework
I wanna go to many wonderful places
I am 24- years- old
It's not very pleasant days for me lately
I study and work on my thesis, but end up doing not doing much
I found I did something I find I did wrong, but it's too late
Too much many worries lately
I'll continue to write my English diary
I don't think there are a lot of not so many people who read and correct my English diary
But i don't want to give up
So I'll continue to write my diary
I hope summer will come soon
I recommend this Manga to everyone."
I can ajast a adjust to cold wheater weather but not to hot weather, because I can put on more clothes."
we want to read
I read \"Dragon Zakura (Cherry Blossom
Even It is a comic book, but it is an useful book for learning."
I challenged that I'm challenging myself to see if I can find out\/identify which water is which without (seeing) the label
The line up is
There are 11 kinds
I can find out identify 5 kinds of water!"
Over drinking...  Binge Drinking
Yesterday I overdrunk drank too much
I have had to keep talking with ( that \/ my  ) friend
I'm very tired , I am and  coutious cautious of to ( wasteing time \/ the time I wasted)"
Yesterday, the most popular game was released out
But I need to keep myself from playing too much."
I bought a TV rack and carried it home by hand
It was very heavy."
I tried to write a letter in English
Why would I write an English letter?? (or \"Why would I mail something in English
I don't know
but I have to pass the TOEFL examination. (I'm not sure what \"ibt\" is
I am reluctant to go on to a Japanese university because I don't like Japanese instruction, and I am a citizen of the world
So I want to go to an American university
After graduating from an American university, I want to work for a company owned by a foreign country
I write English speedy.you write speedy English? what do you mean about this
you can understand me more and we become more close friend
After graduating from an UC university, I want to work for a foreign owned company
After working for a foreign based company for however many years, I want to start a foreign affiliated company of my own as an entrepreneur and make my beloved wife a beloved wife my secretary
I wondering what to do now
I don't say you as a joke
null,"I have to study English, but
null,"What do you think will increase my English motivation up to study English
null,"Why my motivation is decreased is because I am only that reading English articles
null,"I like having conversations with people from other countries
null,"I want to increase my speaking  and writing ability up
null,"I use this site to improve my writing
null,"How can I increase my speaking ability
null
null
null
null,"Somebody communicate (talk) with me
null
null,"I'm looking forward to talking to you."
I will have happy years
Thanks for the messages, my many friends
I do want to talk with you
because it is my birthday♪
20 is a great age
Everyday, I conversation talk with many foreigner people
that's Those conversations is are very fun and exciting
If you have a conversation with us me
please add my Skype ID(^O^)／
We I enjoy conversation talking with various country people. people from various countries."
All TV programs have been runnning airing many unbelievable, terrible frames images
Some of my friends are living in the Kanto and Tohoku areas
I have mixed feelings
My name is Kenji, and I'm 19 years old
I showed reluctance to go on to a Japanese University
because I don't like Japanese instruction, and I became a citizen of the world
So I want to go to an American University
After graduating from an American University, I want to work for a foreign-officiated company
Afterward working for a foreign-officiate company, I hope to\/will\/want to starting a business as enterpriser.--> Do you maybe mean affiliate instead of officiate
I think you are very good at English
Do your like using English
If you like, I want to write in English as much as I can
If there any mistakes, please revise my composition
Thanks to you, I realize that writing in English in this thread is more instructive than Japanese."
Today, my life has changed
Why
My idle diary became a busy diary
Now I would like to completely burn (I don't know what you mean by \"burn\") every day♪
Are you completely burn everyday
and, What do you do
Tomorrow, I am writing a diary entry about changing my life
Continuing is power
Thanks for reading my English
But in actually most Japanese Corporation and employees cant change to globalization even from small companys. companies
We dont have a chance to use English in working also or in our life
Recently I'm belonging became a to members of the project development which is web site of a famous university in Japan for foreign students. メンバーになりましたですか？
Foreign students can switch Japanese and to English in the web site
During when developing this web site, I said to reader(leader? リーダ？読者？) of the project that I want to make it English-based rather than Japanese-based. 
But her directions is different with my opinion
And most foreign students cant understand Japanese, but they recognize english don't you
Today
But I had a stomachache, so I went back home
Then I made my stomach warm
So now I'm feeling a lot better."
I'm watching TV at home and writing this blog
Is today Friday
I don't understand know at all
Anyway, I have to study English more
Sister Act 2\" is broadcasted on TV in Japan now
In last week seminar　is　We have talked about think about the bombing.In last week's seminar we talked about the bombing.またはIn last week's seminar we talked about how we think about the bombing
I thought it was interesting to ask how long everyone went to work in a week
I thought to also should try to and ask hear about the use of job generation general age of jobs
The In Llast week's Sseminar is we learned about Japanese \"Haji\" 
The delay in updates. I'm sorry this update is late
The twenty　old. I am twenty years old
so i spend a month in lijiang,yunnan province,which i have always thought before
i have enough time to relax myself
I'm so glad that three of my requests passed and that I received two messages from Lang-8
Perhaps I will test and feel Lang-8
Perhaps it will It might change my life later
At least it gives me a new reason of to study Japanese
Ganbatte?)"
Yet anybody watch and command. 
And also to open books written in English
I'll stop here today
Okay I'm going to the washing room
Today I completed a short overnight trip and checked out at 10:00 A. (Since the events already happened, use the past
and after a few hours, I got a call from the pension we stayed at
The pension named YooMyeong mountain cabin is very nice
She said, \"You took the key so send it by mail
I want to find a solution for it 
This is a matter so complex ..."
I was rised in a small village,and my father is very poor ,of course so do am I
So that I hadhave never had a girlfriend
I have no money to buy gifts tofor any girl
I had no attraction to girls girls are not attracted to me, but I am longing for love , true love
not sure what you mean here, to a boy? or in a boy
Is there any girl who wants to make friends with me 
Any one who wants to make friends with me can send an email to me 
Looking forward to for your email~~~"
Will you tell me your mobile phone number? 
I'm I've been longing for a foreign friend for a long time now
But I have had none by now so far
Will you tell me your mobile phone number if you are living in China
I want to practice my English by keeping in touch  with a foreign friend
Hello everyone
I'm a Chinese person
Now I'm learning English, but my English is a disaster! I wish for your help
I've been working as a clerk in starbucks! (We call a Starbucks' clerk a \"barista\" in the States
when I was in training term, my senior partner supported and helped teach me how should I work and what should I do
Now this term is done\/finished\/over, I feel nervous
But when I work without any help, I can find my faults and weak points
It causes me some stress, but if I can get over this kind of difficulty, I can change myself for the better
I went to a bookshop to take an interview for a part time job
This The result will be announced at on the 16th
I have to take an exam at on Octorber 10th
So I have to be a hardworker
when I was on the my way to my home, suddenly, the rain coame down
It is troublesome and bothers me."
Today, I my girl friend and I broke up
It's because she has an important dream
It is hard for her because she has to earn a lot of money and has to study harder and harder
we talked about these dreams with each other
We agreed it's best for us to break up and concentrate on our dreams
So we decided to part from each other
Before get to the train, I am not sad because I cannot really believe it
After get back home, I am so sad because I notice she doesn't call, send E-mail, talk by skype anymore
I hesitate whether dispose of her present to me, a key holder, or not
May Consecutive Holidays連休ですね。。。In Australia we say \"Long weekend\" or \"holiday period\". 
I considered the thought of a plan of consecutive for the holidays called Golden Week in Japan
That is what when I go to Tokyo to see my son's family
They haven't their don't have kids yet
However, they have already made a schedule plan to go abroad on a tour in advance. Or:- \"However, they are already scheduled to go abroad for a tour.\"  .  残念ですね。
An American acquaintance passed away
I'll send a letter of condolence
Clark
This is the first time that I have had contact with you
I've still kept her smile in my mind
I heard a lot about her admirable life from herself
I offer my sincerest condolences
Last but not least, I wish you a happy with your daughter and grandkids
Yours Cordially, "
It is the 33rd wedding anniversary in on the 8th of May
I accepted received a potted carnation of pink color and a cake from my son's family
Tomorrow is Mother's Day in Japan, the close day day is so close to with my wedding anniversary. 
They went on a tour to Italy in on this long weekend
I Me and my husband will eat out in commemoration of this anniverasary
Thank you for browsing, and correcting my English, please."
I was have been a member of a Gospel chorus since last year.(You still are in the Choir, right
I had already sung a variety of songs through from classic and popular music
I think what I met that my introduction to gospel must have been a message from something
When the intro of the music starts, it stirs my blood and makes me feel good
Singing needs requires good condition of the body
I became have begun to take care of my health more than before
I go to the gym and think about eat better foods lately in order to keep singing with my young friends
I hope some you will provide some comments and modification corrections to my English."
Address : I live at Sunter Jakarta Utara street(,) Agung Perkasa 1 Blo(c)k J 4
Hobbies : My hobbies is playing futsal...(meaning, soccer, or futbol
Why? You don't need this
well I just love it, because I becamethe Goal keeper
And with futsal until now i've made a lot of friends
Old school?) : Well im I'm an alumnus of Dharma Budhi Bhakti Senior High School
theThe location of the school is very close to my house
Umm It`s a buddhist school by the way....(Umm is never used in formal writing.) neither are ellipses. -> ... are ellipses. so just delete them and replace with a \".\" period
What's the difference and how to can I use it correctly
U looks great in your picture or U look great on in your picture..???((You look great in your picture
When do you use an auxiliary verb such as am ,are , etc..."
Can you please correct these sentences
Did you hear what I heard?\" (You say this after you heard something) \"Do you hear what I hear?\" or \"Did you hear that?\" (You say this when you are hearing something
When did she usually play basketball?\"- (you say this if she played basketball in the past, but does not play it anymore) \"When does she usually play basketball?\"- (You say this if she still currently plays basketball and you are asking when
 What time do u want to take the bus for tomorrow?"
I'm pretty good _at_ repairing computer
Don't take it to heart Komano-san
You and all of the Japanese team was played very nice
thought it made me sad that I couldn't see Shunsuke Nakamura play
In a short of time Soon (soon is much shorter and less complicated ^.^)I'll get be going to the college for the first day time
but i don't have any friends over there
too shy to say hello to a new guys..."
Keisuke Honda, Endo and Nakamura they are so awesome
even that Nakamura haven't play on full time I think if he play even just for a one round and then he get a free kick he can score from it
How are you today
now im entering Atma Jaya University as a member of the English faculty
By the way has Anna gone to Jakarta already
then please tell me when she arrives or when she ispreparing to come
Have you seen the movie Legion yet
it's a good movie,you should watch it
Umm, its getting cold by the way due to rainy season
I thought that my first post in this site should be an introduction about my family
I might be a little bit spoiled and impatient at times
If I had a younger brother or sister I can say that it would take me a long time to adapt since I don't really know how to share and be patient
My father lives in another city with another woman
My father visits me a few times a year and in the summer I sometimes stay a week or two at my grandparent's house (my father lives in that city as well), though this year I didn't visit them
I Passed By Kuriyama Chiaki! (A Famous Japanese Actress
Today, it was very cold in Tokyo because of the rain and the strong wind
When I walked down to Aoyama St., I passed Kuriyama Chiaki, a famous Japanese actress who's appeared in \"Kill Bill
She is more beautiful in person
I have also passed by Takuya Kimura, who is a member of SMAP, which is the most popular singing group in Japan, Hideki Takahashi, who's a popular Japanese costume drama actor, and so on
It is cool to see famous people unexpectedly
In the future, I would like to see President Obama!"
The red ribbon is an international symbol of AIDS awareness that is worn by people all year round and particularly around World AIDS Day to demonstrate care and concern about HIV and AIDS victims, and to remind others of the need for their support and commitment
The red ribbon started as a \"grass roots\" effort, and as a result there is no one official AIDS ribbon manufacturer, and many people make their own
I mentioned my recent attitude towards life in the lab in my last diary
And then, several friends enlightened me and gave me some advice
The students in most labs have become accustomed to the life--eating meals,noon break,surfing the internet,reading papers and doing experiments in the labs, and so on
I am a newcomer and I have accepted this lifestyle and its pace
Even though I don't like it very much, I'll still be giving it my best effort
At night, another newcomer and I go for a walk after supper
It is the only activity for us at present because of the high temperatures during the day
Now I must read a lot of papers about the most recent research and I am woking hard."
I've come back
My winter holiday is over.--or-- My winter holiday has ended
Spring festival was wonderful
It is time 
Kangmei was one of my roommates in Jiangsu University
She came from Shijiazhuang,Hebei Province
I call her Kangkang and she calls me KK which is short for Kilo Kiol
To my mind, she is not only is clever,ambitious and highly appreciative, but also has wide range of studies
She has read  innumerable books and we often discuss the content of some of those we are both interested in
She prepared for the examinations last whole year because she planned to study further in the USA
Actually, she received two offers because of her experiences and the scores she got in the GRE and TOEFL but both schools did not offer enough scholarship
As a result, she chose to get the master's degree in the previous university
Today I gave a news report about the weather during the Mid-Autumn Festival in our English class
Our topic was Typhoon Fanapi's impact on Mid-Autumn Festival. [or \"...was The Impact of Typhoon Fanapi on the Mid-Autumn Festival
The 11th Typhoon Fanapi was the first major storm to strike the land this year
And it has hit Zhangzhou country in Fujian province
The friend mentioned in my last diary is Zhang Xiaomin
The place  where I met with her was the English Square
Afterwards, I always see her in other places,in spite of her  not knowing me. [or \"...in spite of the fact that she doesn't know me
She introduced this site to me 
And she also learns English and Japanese in the site
Though she is one year younger than me, we have a lot in commonbeyond any of my other classmates
I still remembered the time we spent the whole afternoon havinga chat in the sunshine in my courtyard
The topics were always one by one so that she oftenforgot to go home and have supper, which made her grandmother angry often
It is regrettable that our chances to talk face to face are getting fewer and fewer
We attend school in different cities, but it does not produce an effect on the friendship between us
I still remembered this particular day-August 8th,2008
The 29th Olympic Games were held in Beijing,China. [Maybe add \"because\" in front of this sentence and attached it to the previous...so it would read, \"I still remember this particular day, August 8th, 2008, because the 29th Olympic Games were held in Beijing, China
People from all around the world  watched  the opening ceremony at the Bird's Nest-National Indoor Stadium on that night
Our The Chinese had  looked forward to that day for so many years
It was bound to be a wakeful night. [I don't think \"wakeful\" is the right word to use here. Maybe, \"an eventful night.\"?"
You won't make friends staying at home alone
Joining a club or group, and talking with those who like the same things as you do is much easier. (While 'those' is correct, 'people' would sound better here
Or you could join someone in some activity. (This sentence needed a subject
After all, meeting strangers means seeing facing the unknowns
And it's human nature to feel a bit uncomfortable about the unknown
Most of our fears about dealing with new people come from doubts about ourselvses
We imagine other people are judging us as too tall or too short, too this or to that
But don't forget that they must be feeling the same way
This sentence is grammatical but seems a little strange. I would say it at least like this:) Try to accept yourself as who you are, and try to make the other person feel comfortable
You will would both feel comfortable
Try to act self-confidently even as if you don't feel that way when you enter a room full of strangers, such as a new classroom: walk tall and straight, look directly at other people and smile
Don't wait for the other person to start a conversation. (or \"Don't wait for other persons to start a conversation
Friendship is based on mutual liking each other and \"give and take\". ('Mutual liking' sounds a tad unnatural
This is grammatical but you do realize that it connotes a negative message, right? It's just like saying, \"And there are bad things that make a new friendship NOT grow.\" However, if you want to convey a positive message, say: \"And there are things that help a new friendship to grow.\")"
He and I lived in a village ,but a  clear memory about him goes back to Grade Three in our primary school
He always studies hard wherever ,whenever
Now he is working hard for a master's degree in Engineering Soil and Rock Behavior
He is also busy preparing for the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL
We often have a chat,communicating recent studies and the trifles in daily life
Our friendship is beyond... --or-- The bond we share between us is beyond
When I was low-spirited or in a bad condition, his encouragement made me refreshed
It is my honor to have such a distinctive friend."
My friend was so kind. and He taught me how to hold the rackets and how to bat the ball with unglagging patience. [I also don't know what unglagging is. Anyway, I separated your sentence into two for easier reading. It also takes away the run on
When the ball skips the table,you must knock back the ball and the ball must be landed land on the table,too
And so does your partner
Our major is biotechnology and we both love the life of science
Now I am his master because of teaching him how to become a net identity
Actually we are more of good friends instead of the \"master-pupil\"ralationship
He is one of my friends who has influenced me profoundly
In spite of having graduated from our university for a month,we  keep in touch often
This is a beautiful poem of\/about a sorrowful heart
And I adore roller-skating
Roller-skating is an adventurous,exciting, and mad-brained sport
I have been learning it\/doing it for almost four years
I cannot recall how many times I have fallen to the ground
The shoes,roller skates ,took me 450 RMB which is  practically equivalent to living expenses for a month
I admire those who are highly skilled at roller-skating
It is a part of both my memories and my life."
I have been in my university for a month now
During this period ,I made a lot of progress in English
The mixed feeling was extremely subtle I experienced a mixture of feelings--both excitement and happiness (we don't usually describe \"interesting\" as a feeling). You can also say \"elatedness\" for a state of intense happiness
I am accustomed to keeping a diary some diaries,listening auditing some of Yale's open courses, as well as memorizing words and common sentences everyday
I don't need to take a lot of time, instead I reserve and spend small pieces of time on those
At the same time, I am aware of the fact that I am lucky
I have both external conditions and internal conditions
Not all the people have this kind of atmosphere and can concentrate their efforts in learning English
Human capital has a high rate of return and positively affects the growth of the economy in spite of the obvious imblance between human capital and physical capital in China
In addition to the other relevent benefits, increased investment in human capital also improves adaptability and allocative efficiency. 
However, due to the low support for education, one's birth place and the hukou policy randomly determine the education resources that people have access to and can utilize. Additionally, the placement of talented, knowledgeable educators is unevenly distributed. Unfortunately, this means that access to education is not equal
As a result,the rate of return for education is low
A number of policies will foster the development of human capital and thereby promote economic growth. These include: one, improving the educational system by subsidizing education, increasing enrollments, and centralizing educational finance; two, improving the opportunities for educated workers to prosper by opening markets and eliminating regional disparity in wages; and, three, reforming hukou policies to permit free capital and labor mobility thereby equalizing regional and urban returns (ROI?) 
Even though the policies mentioned above don't reduce the inequality temporarily,in the long run,in a word, increase in human capital will reduce inequality and help the economic growth in china because it can helps enhance skills and equalize resourses."
Whatever we do, we must have sound bodies because good health is necessary for us to carry out our lives
An experienced medical professor may well have profound knowledge in his field
but if he is in poor health, it is impossible for him to pass on all his knowledge to his students
There are diverse ways to keep fit
clear air and clean water, nutritious food, moderate activities, say, a short walk in the sunshine or fifteens of aerobic excercise indoors, or just a pleasant nap without worries of business in mind
What really counts is that you never give up and make it a part of your life
love is when you feel like you are the only two around 
When I was an undergraduate, I read a brochure which was called \"What is Life?\"written by Erwin Schroedinger,a famous physical scientist
He tried to describe the essence of life from the perspective of quantum mechanics
Of course, with the development of science ,some of his viewpoints became out-of-date or one-sided
I bought myself a copy online yesterday
The book is mainly about biology beyond the genome in the context of music, combined with concepts related to medicine, linguistics and philosophy
skype？ msn? Who can tell me what they are? (Can anybody tell me what they are
I haven't got a skype or msn account
We have renren（which may be the equivalent of facebook）and QQ( which can be used to talk,send messages,video)."
I have no task(s) to do these days
Now I am feeling in extremely depressed in the lab
This (kind of) life renders me dull
I feel like going home because I have not registered for classes at in the university yet
I like poems, songs and traveling
I like poems, songs, traveling and novels
She is lively, beautiful, optimistic and promising
I am a Chinese and I like Chinese
I am a Chinese
I am a Chinese, and I like Chinese
He went to Beijing and visited the Palace Museum. The use of 'and' is right, but you needed to use the past tense here. 
He's going to Beijing to visit the Palace Museum. This one is good too. The grammar here changes a bit, since you're stating something that he's going to do. However, I don't know how to explain why it changes. Sorry
He's going to Beijing to visit the Palace Museum and climb the Great Wall
Today I nearly couldn't could barely concentrate on the things I was doing
I felt sleepy and even my eyelids always narrowed for a while
That cannot be denied as my work is time consuming we have a hard work
Yesterday was the twenty-third \/ 23rd World AIDS Day
Starting from December 1st, 1988, World AIDS Day has been about raising money, increasing awareness, fighting prejudice and improving education
World AIDS Day is important for reminding people that HIV has not disappeared, and that there are many things still to be done
In 2009, some \/ In 2009, about 2.6 million people became newly infected with the virus and an estimated 1.8 million people died from AIDS
However, HIV today is a threat to men, women and children on all continents around the world. try not to begin sentences with But \/ And \/ Or \/ So, etc... they are conjuctions"
Well begun is half done. I'm not too sure what you mean by this
It's time that I started keeping up to speed with everything. I think this is what you meant, but I'm not sure
The festival has a very long history and it also has a beautiful folk tale about the Goddess Chang's fly flight to the moon. [\"fly\" is more of a verb here. \"Flight\" sounds better
The legend was that: Chang E,the goddess of the moon, swallowed the elixir stolen from her husband and flew to the moon
The Mid-autumn festival is a traditional festival and it means family reunion
Though I can't return home, I still look forward to it."
The sun was shining. It was bright,warm and comfortable
Flabellate yellow leaves of maidenhair trees fell down slowly, piece by piece, with a gentle breeze blowing through
At that moment, I was confused
What is this weather like
Is it spring, autumn or winter
Even though tomorrow is December 1st, my thick warm woollen sweaters still lie in the bottom of my chest
I don't know if they will ever be worn."
Wuhan has been suffering the hottest days of the whole year
It is reported that more than 60 people have been seriously affected by the insufferably hot weather and one of them has died
I am inexpressibly astonished by the news
And My everyday life is also nagged by the air temperature
My schoolmates and I are in luck to stay in the labs in which have more than one air conditioners
While we can get away from the high temperaturein the daytime, we hardly sleep well at night since the temperature is also high."
I was brought up in Busan
I'm supposed to graduate from Pusan University of Foreign Languages, majoring in Indian.  *indian refers to the language of india since ju-hee studied foreign languages
I really love learning foreign languages and I also love traveling to meet people around the world
I would like to introduce Korea's great culture to another country that Korea's great culture.. ***you can also say \"I would like to introduce to another country Korea's great culture
Ju-hee(interviewee): I'm good at consulting with unique people. I'm also good in and meetings
Also, I have a leadership skills and a strong mind
So, I have developed myself through the activity of group group activities in our school and I do a good job on it I'll do best
Ju-hee(interviewee): I think about a flight attendant should be positive, responsible, and adaptable can easily adapt in ant any situation because they and meet various international people in many different situations
And, they should treat them equally and spontaneously
because there could be a lot of emergency situations and (add to this sentence like \"...emergency situations and everyone deserves to be given fair treatment
Also they should realize their actions quickly and calmly and them then, try to control the problems
I think passengers could will be releived by this behavior, and professional performance."
My husband's pay is in dollars
So I have to exchange it
I always feel bad when I exchange dollars to yen
I want to work and get earn yen, but it is not easy to find jobs for moms
Now I want to go to school to get my license and learn skills
I love my daughter and being a mom is wonderful
But sometimes it is difficult!!"
I take Nature Made supplements from the US
Why are american supplements are so big
they are bigger than japanese ones
Sometimes it is difficult for me to swallow them."
It's a nice day for showing \/ expressing our love for someone
Frankly speaking, I have totally forgotten that today is white day
The thing that I want to ask you is who gives what to whom on white day
As I recall, valentine day is a day on which women gives a chocolates to men, and white day is a day on which men gives  a candies to women
someone said to me that the thing (that) women gives men on white day is not candy, but chocolate
They even said women can gives men
Which one is correct
Men
Women
I'm looking for \/ trying to find some awesome English sentence search tools
If you know any kind of English sentence search site, please share it
So far, based on my experience, 'endic
com' is the best site for searching English-sentence searching
Actually I believe there is \/ must be a better web tools for exactly what I'm exactly looking for in English sites, not Korean sites
I will copy and paste part of it, and I hope someone to could read and correct my mistakes
I hope to take\/study at **(name of the school) because this course would enable me to gain wide range of theories and methods of language teaching and how to apply them to actual situations
I went to the hospital by with a bicycle with my son and daughter
My son was cried by a when he was cured
Launch was a barbecue
I was hot by With the sun above and a the fire from the barbecue, I felt really hot
but, we were bitten by mosquitoes
today`s topics 
I was worked today
I went to a miss place that i miss
I was not able to hardly work hard
My name is Masha, I'm 21 years old, and live in Moscow, Russia
I decided to start keeping this diary in order to improve my English and probably to find new foreign friends
In my institute I study two foreign languages: English and Chinese
But to tell the truth I'm not sure that I'll have enougn time for everything, but I'll try
Will be waiting for your comments,corrections and anything else
I have to study Japanese with my friend in the afternoon
Then buy some reference books in a bookstore
Maybe to go we will go window-shopping after we study. 
But it is very hot outside, so I don't want to go outside
I hate summer, especially because it's getting hotter and hotter
Global Warming is done was caused by humans, so we have to take the effect responsibility
Who can save me in this hot summer............................?囧rz
I was not noly only learned a lot from the work but also made a lot of good friends
Although I left the job for a year, but we often get together."
I want to see the linkin park's concert on 8\/13
But I don't have the ticket now
Previously, I don't have so much desire to see the concert,because I'v seen linkin park's concert once
I want to listen to this song live
My introduction
My name is Junko
I am 25 years old now
I'm come from a small family in Taipei. I have live with my parents, brother and 3 pet birds
They are lovely, especially my 3 pet birds
I have to edit sale's DM, event's DM and maintain the company's website
When a colleagues' computer have has a problem, I have to fix the computer, too
Honestly, I have a busy job
I like to take pictures everywhere
I was an intern in a newspaper office when I was a junior
I like to listen to music, especially rock bands, ex: Japan 's visual rock, heavy metal, and pop music
I like their varying music style. (I'm not sure If that's what you meant
I hope I can see their them live someday
I discovered my pet has a new hobby
It wakes everyone up in each room every morning
It gets up about  5 o'clock in the morning when my father is using the computer
It stared to chirp, then it would fly to my mother's bedroom, try to wake my mother up
At 7 o'clock when my alarm clock rang
I woke up and went to the bathroom
But my brother occupies it, so I walked back to my badroom and laied down on my bed
Out of debt out of danger
Today I paid off my college loan
It was 240,000 NT dollars
I've been paying it for 37 month since I  graduated from college
I’m so happy now
Now I can save more money for my plans to study abroad."
Do you know what a decathlon is
Do you know what a decathlon is
I like athletics (Track & Field), I'm trying out for a decathlon
A decathlon has 10 events taking place within 2 days
The 10 events are
110m, discus throw, pole vault, javelin throw, 1500m
It's very,very hard
so I want to jog in a foreign country
Hello
It's been a while
Today I have a question for everyone
ARASHI is popular in my country. In your country, what are some popular celebrities
I am a fan of ARASHI
My best friend has done summer jobs
I am sure you could deliver newspapers or sell goods in a shop
 it might be a problem because of your age or the schedule may not suit you 
It is wonderful that your parents will give you a present of a cat 
I don’t think that dogs are too much trouble to look after but you will have to walk it and wash it frequently
I am a 3rd grade year high school student(^^)\/ 
so I challenged myself to study through Lang-8! or you could say \"So I am challenging myself to study through Lang-8
What should I do to increase my speaking ability 
I mean, I can understand almost everything , but speaking correctly is sometimes very hard for me
I know a bit about grammar, but how can I learn more?"
Yesterday, we have a klatch had a gathering because a university fellow of us former university friend had a short time made a short trip journey in to Guangzhou
We had not met for almost one year and had so many things to talk
His story made us very sad
This guy had been the president of our Student Union
He was skilled in many things.  (or: He was multi-talented
However, he hasn't been able to find a job since graduation
This is because he has hepatitis B
People with hepatitis B (which is well-known to be highly infective) are discriminated against in China
Thus, he has applied for many jobs but always  fails the final medical
Most companies in China would not employ a patient with hepatitis B, although it is illegal
He still can't not find a job now. (can't means the same as 'can not
Translating technical articles
Recently, I have been translating a technical article series about Flash
I have done this for 2 weeks and completed the Part 1 and most of the Part 3
This series is about \"How to create component in Flash CS3 with ActionScript 3.0\",which is a 
programming language
This job is hard for me and I find it very challenging
Hope this knowledge is useful
I'm going to make a presentatinon about energy with my classmates
Please help me if you want
I'm sure there's a lot of mistakes. lol
Let's start with the outline
You know, the source of wind energy is wind
Wind turns the blades attached to a turbine
That's how wind energy is produced
Next, (the) advantages of wind energy. The is optional
Wind will never be gone
In addition, the wind is free
Next, (the) disadvantages of wind power
Wind turbines and blades make noise
For these reasons, it is necessary to pay attention to where wind turbines are placed
Finally, I talk about the solution to the disadvantages
Recently, people are progressing with their work to reduce noise pollution from wind turbine and blades
Also, by lowering the rotation speed of the blades, birds are rarely killed
I like to sleep
Today is a usual day,_but the university which I go to is off today
So I took a nap at about 3 pm
The is my favorite time
Do you like taking naps?"
I recently started a part-time job
I work Italian restaurant
I am in charge of the kitchen
I was surprised at the part-time job's business
There is no time when we are doing nothing, we are always busy
Today, I will go to my place to work ."
My city was hit by a typoon today, so the temperature was so low(\/dropped
I did not go out, because of the strong winds and rain
In fact, I intended(\/wanted) to go shopping in order to buy a pair of shoes
I want to buy them as early as possible ,because my old pair of shoes are smell and old
I wish it will be sunny tomorrow You may also want to consider \"I wish tomorrow is going to be sunny.\""
A big earthquake occurred yesterday
My printer, CD, book and so on fell off in my house
In addition, my father's test papers fell off. (I'm not sure what you mean
The point was very low. (日本語の意味は？）
My mother works at a supermarket
The ceiling fell and glass windows were broken in the supermarket
Spelling
Spelling English words is difficult
For example, the \"k\" in \"knife\" is not pronounced
Thus, there are some unpronounciation words in English, which are not pronounced as they are spelled
How do you consult a dictionary like for this a word like this when if it is unfamiliar? you listen to a unknown word to you
School second season begin~!The second semester of school begins~!
Today is sunday.Today is Sunday. 
tomorrow begin school second season ㅠㅠTomorrow I begin the second semester of school.ㅠㅠ
parhaps I will transform the study robots... \"Perhaps I will transform into a study robot\", or did you mean something else?  
but I thank school.Though, I am thankful for school
because I can meet my best friend
Anyway, going to school can be stressful and exciting too
I hope good University admission and joying the study~~~~!I hope to enroll into a good university, and enjoy the studying !"
Please check my sentence! 
I had never hospitalized,_because I had been healthy till then."
Today I went to the English conversation school, and I firstly tried recording a convesation with a teacher 
After the lesson, I heard today's lesson on my way to home. (コンマの後にスペースが１つです。）
I felt that own voice sounded very strange 
In the past, I was told by my female classmate that my voice was cool
I thought only my voice was cool part of me. 
Rcording lessons were good to hear my speaking objectively."
Please teach me correct English
I got a haircut today
a busy mouth month
and it's still busy until this mouth month ends
Morning
Hello,_everyone
Good morning
A typhoon is coming!"
Today, I worked hard and got very exhausted
So I left to go to the gym to work out
Hi, everyone
My name is Yumi and I'm from Tokyo, Japan
I found this site today
So I decided to write an English diary
I set myself a goal
「★write an English diary, every day!!」
apply for premium member
I will apply for premium member  today.****** This one if you will do it soon today or: ******Iapplied for premium member today.******* if you already did it in the past today
I love this site .*****Me too ;)"
It is not an important job, but I must stay in the office
How long a time it isthat I must stay with nothing to do.NOTE: This is not an idiomatic construction, and thus sounds very awkward in English. It might be better to say something like:I must stay here for a very long time with nothing to do
Anyway,I have to start to writing a diary entry
Japanese comedian Ueki hitosi said
”It is easy to doing work in company ～
Today, I listened to an online radio broadcast in Calgary
I heard a pretty cool song which being was sung by Crystal Chawanda．
What a beautiful, husky voice
I loved her song. I am very curious about her
Let me know where I can get\"umebosi shaoxingjiu
I am looking for umebisi shaoxingjiu
It is dried plum with sugar
All you have to do is try shaoxingji. It will be pretty  delicious. (意味ちょっと分かりません）
It is always only sugar when I order shaoxingjiu in Japan. (\"When I order shaoxingjiu in Japan, it's only sugar
I once tried it when I was student in university in Tokyo
I have had a part-time job at a Chinese restauraent 
One Taiwanese who worked there gave me drink 
He said it is common in Taiwan
I know where I can get it and I knowits correct name. of goods. (or: \"I know where I can get it and what it's called\")"
Originally this shrine is a scholastic shrine 
But it also gives us the benefit of riding on time too. (What does this mean
Is there something like this in your country?"
I am on off today
この意味は君がビールと一緒にラジオを聞きますよ。I am listening to the Web radio while drinking beer and writing today's diary
It is the Country 105 channel which  features country music
because it resembles rock music of about 30 years ago
I imagine a rocky mountain which is extremely beautiful
There are a lot of beautiful lakes and rivers under the blue sky
I envy those who are living in Calgary near the Bunff
ええと、どういう意味とは分からない。すみません。けど、which can meet me to the seenというパートは絶対に違います、何の意味でも。
Do you know me

I am a remote-controlled robot, but I am also a hero. 
Fortunately, I am a hero of justice

My name is \"Tetuzin 28 go\", which means \"iron man No.28
You should think about what would happen if my remote control were taken by someone evil
I am truly a hero of justice though. 
Where am I
Hint: In Japan."
Test of AbacusAbacus Test
My son has taken abacus test of one grade.My son has taken the first grade abacus test
Calculations in one's  head is the most great benefit of Abacus.Mental calculations is the best benefit of Abacus
The other is one could train a brain.Another benefit is that one could train their brain
If you were good at abacus you can  instantly calculate a lot of numbers.If you were good at using an abacus, you could  instantly calculate a lot of numbers
It is looks like magic.It looks like magic
Witch do you do that using In what situation would you use an umbrella  or not
I was watching television the Olympics in Vancouver on television
And I remembered a situation in Vancouver before from a few years ago
People was were walking without umbrellas in spite of it raining
The rain was not strong but strength it was slightly tapping on the people's heads
I guess that if this situation was in Japan,  almost people would use an umbrella
I wonder that what is  the reason is
Is it a different of sense
If you will be were in this situation, would you use an umbrella or not use one
You are standing at the traffic lights
It is strength that The rain is tapping on the your head softly or normally."
When do you get together? どんなとき集まりますか？
There is a holiday called \"Golden Week\" from May 1 to 5
We and our closerelastins relations (relatives) are going to gatherget together at my wife's grandmother's house
This plase is in Nagoya City where which is aboust 4 hours away from Kobe
It will be tiring but we are looking foward to gathering
When are do you gather (get together) with your close rerations relations (relatives) in your country
I used to play the guitar song \"Angie\" which was covered by Paul Simon 
It was very difficult to play, but it was one of my favorite songs
When I was student I always listened to music
I miss being young
Are you a herbivorous or　carnivorous ?herbivorousとcarnivorousは形容詞なので、数量詞（a＝一つ)は使いません・　でも、aを使えば　herbivorousとcarnivorousの代わりにherbivoreとcarnivoreを使用したほうがいいと思います、名詞ですから・例：Are you a herbivore or carnivore? 
Recently It is often used word \"herbivorous and carnivorous\".Recently, these words\"herbivorous and carnivorous\" areoften used
herbivorous man is increase and carnivorous women too.herbivorous men have increased, and so have canivorous women
I guess that is true.I agree with this. agree=同意する
If I were young I wish I would be hunted by carnivorous women.If I am (still) young, I wish to be hunted by carnivorous women
that is fine.that's okay
By the way, It has not really matter ,My favorite singers are Carrie Underwood and David Archuleta.By the way, It doesn't really matter. My favourite singers are Carrie Underwood and David Archuleta
I guess It seems That David is herbivorous and Carrie is Carnivorous.It seems that David is herbivorous and Carrie is Carnivorous.でも、この句は変な感じです。herbivorous と　carnivorous は動物に形容しますからね。 herbivorous = submissive(形容詞）, carnivorous = cheating（動詞）It seems that David is the submissive one and Carrie is the one who cheats
How is your guess?What do you think?どう思いますか。"
These are songs are really in more than 30 years old. 
R&B,Rock,Oldies are pretty fun
I think I starting to discover \"the good feeling\" inside me
It seems easy to convert the feelings to the opposite one once I have recovered the original positive mind state
However, it is not easy to think about what is \"the good feeling\" when I was under influence of negative thinking. 
I think there is a kind of horizon between our positive and negative mind states. 
Just like our hands have
2 sides, so are there 2 mind states. 
If you want one over another, all you have to do is choose just as easily as you can turn your hand in the direction you want
It means that to change the side is easy
In this way, you can choose whether your feelings will be positive or negative. 
If you select one, and I hope that will be a positive side, you have to commit to that feeling. 
And Then, the feeling will  envelope you very slowly
Remember you never drag yourself alone into the dark, but the people around you as well
In the book \"Secret\", the world is made of all your previous thoughts. 
If you think something positive, it will come true for you
【English】Lemon blossoms
We cannot meet because our minds are too far apart
You are long gone already in my eyes
We who always had passed each other cannot meet any longer
Only love for you is left in my room."
【English】I my friend today
I met my friend today
He brought his personal computer, because the condition of the personal computer was bad it was in poor condition
I helped him upgrade it
We waited to complete the upgrade
We chatted while waited for the upgrade to finish
A lot of topics were talked about
We talked for nine hours
I'm Japanese
Therefore, I speak Japanese
Most of my friends are Japanese
They also speak Japanese
Most of my friends understand sentences written in English
And, strangers too
Many of strangers understand English
Anyway, a lot of people understand English
A lot of people understand my word what I say
A lot of people understand the Japanese that I wrote
A lot of people understand the English that I wrote
A lot of people understand what I want to say
And
Even if I don't hope to be understood, a lot of people still understand what I mean
I occasionally think, \"Please don't understand me
English is difficult for me
Though I studied for six years at the school
I'm Japanese. (this is optional, but very common
Most of my friends are Japanese
Most of my friends understands sentences written in Japanese 
There are) More people (that) understand English. (This sentence isn't wrong, but can be difficult to understand
I read \"Tthe aAdventures of King Arthur
It is a just difficult to read for me
I had spentd much time in reading this, but this illustrated book is interesting
My first impression was there were writed written about characters emotions many tims in this story
Different from jJapanese-story, it is very plentiful in emotionals
Recently I wake up late in the morning because it is spring vacation now. (one sentence, not two
I will wake up early soon tomorrow morning
And I will go to bed early sleep soon tonight
Today, I had a dream that I took a trip to China
But,I don't remember about that it clearly,so I can't write much about it
Yesterday, I stayed up late in the night and so I woke up lately in the morning
In the afternoon I went to a shopping with my friend, played the guitar and watch the movie, \"The King's speech\" with my friend
Of course, that movie was very interesting!!(\"As a matter of course\" is different from \"Of course
I should not drink before I watch a movie
Then I had been hospital, I'm very boring and have a pain. (This sounds better: When I was in the hospital, it was very boring, and I was in pain
There is no sweets and I couldn't go out. (There were no sweets, and I couldn't go out
Because of operation on my left lungs, I can't breath enough and say words. (Because of the operations on my left lung, I can't breathe or talk very well
It was very severe hospital life,so I lost 4kilograms. (It was a very severe operation, and I lost 4 kilograms
But, it was a good experience
I don't know that what I want to write here recently
So, today I want to write to about ipad and iphone that which I don't have yet
Almost all of my friends have it and they use it everyday
I envy them a little, but I don't need it because I have never used internet outdoors
Moreover, I'm not interested in new phones and their new games
My best The most important reason of this international program's for applying is that I want to know learn about other people's way of thinking and way of living feeling about things who lives in other countries
In the future, I will go to developing countries as a Japanese Overseas Cooperation Volunteer
But before I go, I think I should go to the abroad to study abroad more practical to expand my knowledge of the English language and to know understand other people's culture and way of living
Today, I waked woke up in the morning about eight o'clock
And my Wednesday's first class scheduled to begin at nine o'clock. (\"Wednesday's first class starts at nine o'clock
So, I hurry rushed to eat breakfast, brush my tooth teeth and went to college. (\"tooth\" is a singular word \"teeth\" is the plural you don't say \"tooth\" unless you only have one tooth
I was in time before first class started and I took a next class that teacher is bilingual in English and Japanese
At last, I eat a ate lunch in the college restaurant and I came went back to home
How is different Japan from other countries
Of course, culture is one of the different things
Last week, we talked about marriage in many countries in class, including Japan
When someone will gets married, we give some money to them who will marry in Japan
But, I heard about that, America is different from Japan in marring
In the U
S, when someone gets married, people give them articles that they want to
I want an acoustic guitar
I really like to sing a songs
So, we had gathered to sing an song that song is a cappella song
In Japan, studying abroad reacquires about 500 points on the in TOEFL test
And I should learn about the country which I want to go to.(In this case, about the U
It also need to clearly identify what the purpose to of going to the abroad is
Somehow, I'm becoming too anxious about me
Anyway, what I should to do now is studying English.（＾◇＾）
I like a music very much. (can you count music? It's like water, information, etc. - UNCOUNTABLE! ;) Hence, no 'a
So, I go to the music shop often. ('the' because it's a specific place and \"music\" modifies \"shop\". This means \"music\" is an adjective and \"the\" modifies \"shop\", which is countable - 1 shop, 2 shops, 3 shops, etc.) (2nd; Often = how often do you go? Just once, no often, many times, often
I worked at a bar and [I] get a low salary. (I [optional] \"get\" or \"have\" a [something].) (Your sentence means \"The bar has a low salary\" [i.e. \"the bar pays a low salary\", which is close, but \"I have～\" is more clear.) 
When I go back to my home, I always drop into a music store from habit. (When I\/he\/she\/we\/they\/the company [does something], [something else happens
I have dropped into a bad habit
How can I fix this? (more clear option)"
Last night, I had a dream
But, I have a little communication ability
That price is 100,000 yen but I bought it on the internet
So, I had got it at a reasonable price
By the way, I am interested in studying abroad next year
But writing and talking are difficult
I sometimes have trouble thinking of the next word to say.（英語の次の言葉が思い浮かばない）
I went to abroad when I am was in the first year at high school student
It is was a school excursion
That place is We went to Singapore and Malaysia
I have heard about these countries, and it's a they are very beautiful country
The first thing I felt was that those the people there were gentle and funny (interesting?). (If you talked to Singaporeans\/Malaysians and they made you laugh, they're funny. Otherwise, they're likely interesting than funny
I had stayed there for almost one week, and I wanted to stay more\/longer
If I didn't go there, maybe I might have not decided to study English
When I can speak English fluently, I will go to Singapore and Malaysia again
I went to my grandmother's home, hospital and I got a new job
First, I would like to write my visit to my grandmother's home
Yesterday, I went to the hospital, because there is something wrong with my stomach is something wrong
The results of the doctor was I have a \"spontaneous pneumothorax\" (collapsed lung) 
It seems that there is a small hole in my lung
It's not a big matter but I need a minor operation
I want to do this operation soon
There was a bouze who works in a temple and had a many pupils. [坊主 = Buddhist priest
Then He was busy so he drove too fast and broke a the speed limit
Of course, he was stopped by a policeman because of driving at a fast speed
There was nothing he can could do about it, so he got out of the car and looked up at the policeman's face
Before the man worked as a policeman, the man he worked in his temple and was his brilliant pupil
So he became compose, and he scolded the policeman
Why do you arrest people who break the speed limit
You should arrest people who drive their cars slowly because they are an obstacles of driving
Anyway, I'm so very busy
Please let me go to the temple right now, do you understand this meaning?\" [どういう意味ですか？
I wish I can repayment of kindness to you someday
OK so, I arrest you and punch a transgressor ticket right now.\" [分かりません。:( ]"
What do you want to do while studying abroad
I will study about \"Business\" and \"Economics\" in the college where Ｉ want to go
I want to work overseas in the future
In regard in university classes, I don't think \"take a lesson\" is appropriate. You might take a piano lesson, or take a tennis lesson, but I won't talk about university classes in this way
As I said, the most reason of studying abroad is I want to know other ways of thinking and living.As I said, I'm very interested in other people's thoughts or lives and I really want to study about them abroad. 
tThis movie's battle action is very interesting
But the most impressive thing is, in spite of he is a his blindness, he is tough and strong."
I like a watches
I mean the watch is a wrist watch, not a wall clock or a digital watch
If it is an analog watch and and the wristband is leather and simple, that is a very cool for me
Where is my personal computer
So , my brother tried to fixed it
But, that's it's not better."
Yesterday I found out about Skype, so I want to use it
But, I don't have a web camera. That means I can't use it now
I bought one on the internet site \"Amazon
It should be arrive at my house tomorrow
Usually, our activity is on Thursday and Saturday
Yesterday we gathered and sang \"so much in love
To read music is a little hard for me but that song is exceptionally easy
The Song's vocal part is sang by me
It's very delightful to sing with all the members
Today I talk to with Ryusen(I'm sorry I don't know what his name's spelling is.) in Masden's class
His girl friend lives in Korea
I think he is so such an international person.（＾ｖ＾）
My brother got back home today because there was a big earthquake near the Tokyo
I live very far from Tokyo
I can't help the victims directly but I can donate to them
I was watching an American TV program on \"CNN\" and they were wondering why there are no crimes n Japan
Of course, there are many students and I met my college's friends, whom I hadn't seen in a long time
It's so funny
This college's spring vacation is has about two months
But during in spring vacation, I played with my old friends, went to the top of the mountain by bicycle, and sang with my \"a cappella\" group on stage and so on
So, spring vacation is so funny too
I am scheduled to start the class at 13 o'clock every Wednesday. (More natural: Every Wednesday, I have class at 1:00.) I corrected the \"13\" because although it is written that way, when speaking you can not say '13 o'clock.' You can however say '1 o'clock,' which is the same thing. 
These days, I've begun to think that I don't want wouldn't like to waste of time in the of morning
So, recently I've begun become to waking up earlier to and eating a substantial breakfast
I have been to getting up early since from last week
Actually, getting up earlier was difficult for me at first, but now I can do it that
Surprisingly, yesterday I woke up in the morning and glanced at my wall clock that I bought a couple of weeks ago. The time is was 4 o'clock
It was too early, so I didn't know what I should to do
I will certainly go to developing countries to help people as a \"Japan Overseas Cooperation volunteer
I think I can help people and can understand the reality of the world's situation more deeply if I go
I would like to introduce about myself
I'm a university student and learning to international economics
Of course, my main focus in studying is economics, but, recently my studying has been is mainly English
I'm do not belong to clubs and groups
Exceptionaly an A Cappella group that's not part of college's
By the way, we had an A Cappella contest a couple of weeks ago and we didn't pass win it
I intend to do my best, but I was disappointed by that the result
But is that a \"Failure is a stepping-stone to success\" situation
I wish hope that we can pass win the next contest
I help him to clean this room. (I think this one is better. But who is \"he
I helped him with cleaning this room
I helped him to do his school homework
I help him with his school homework. (Both of these are good
Facebook is very useful. (If you say \"too useful\" it sounds like you are saying that it's so useful that it's a problem in some way
I must have had to study for the test, but it was is finished
From today, I will start to write diaries every day
I will do as I can possible. I will do as possible
I often watch movies and sometimes, actors say one phrase in many times
The phrase is ”what do you mean?” that the I really heard this sentence
That phrase is to say ”You mean what?” ,”Please tell me that meanings what you want to say.”
It is like the Japanese pronunciation and meaning
If you pronounced this phrase quickly, not crealy , it is likes ”What do you mean?”
I think this these two words have the same meanings is almost same."
I didn't write about myself on my profile on Lang-8 yet
Now, I'd like to introduce myself and write it on my Lang-8 profile
To be precise, this writing is what I will write on my profile's writing
I'm a 19 year old Japanese university student and 19 years old
But I'd like to help your Japanese, so please help my me for English
If you do not care, please become a my friend！
I like spring season better than winter season
I was slept in the noon by warm temperature. (I'm not sure what you mean here. Do you mean, \"I took a nap in the middle of the day because it was so warm and pleasant
By the way, I will go to see \"Chemistry\" live next Friday
Chemistry\" is made up of two members.  There are Japanese singers and have a good voices
This is my only my pleasure in this month. (Or, This is the only thing I'm looking forward to this month
Next tomorrow is test
Whenever I see many foreigners in Kumamoto in Japan, I'm very happy
Because,I think if they don't like Kumamoto or Japan,they may not be here
Am I the only one who that thinks about that
Almost my friends have not interesting in them and their countries
But, I want to know about their countries, customs, languages and to be a friend to them
If I have a courage and could speaking English fluently, I will speak to them absolutely
I'm mortifying. (It's a pity I don't
I don't know the details about \"GLEE\" but it seems to be a mixture of singing, dancing and fun
Minamata is my hometown, and I often go back there to visit my grandmother
By the way, there is some discrimination against Minamata
Minamata disease is one of the biggest discriminations
A big company's factory of the at Minamata had spreaded mercury out to their sea. The fishes ate the mercury, and the people of Minamata ate the fish
In Nigata of Japan, the same thing happened and afterwards it was called \"Nigata-Minamata Disease
Why is that name minamata-disease too
It seems like Nigata was infected by this disease because of Minamata
Today's weather is awful and cold
I have become accustomed to the cold weather recently. 
But it's still very cold morning for me
Today, I went to Fukuoka by car. (コンマの後ろは、スペースがひとつ）
Fukuoka is a bigger city than Kumamoto
I went to there, because I had an audition for \"Hamonepu
Hamonepu\" is short for the word \"Hamonepurigu\" which means a cappella tournament
I wanted to perticipate in it, because it'll be broadcast on TV
I wanted to accomplish it in my college life
これが私が大学生のうちに、したい事１つです。This is one of the things I want accomplish (or \"do\") while I'm in college."
I'm sorry that my English is awkward."
Today, I went to work part time by bicycle
But the workplace is very far from my home
But recently I haven't ridden a bicycle because it sometimes rained or I rode a motorbike
So today I got a little tired after I rode it for a long time
By the way, my cellphone broke today
I used several cellphones over last four years but no cellphones have broken
As I heard, it was true that if you drop a cellphone in water, it broke
I was taught a lot of kinds of things by them
「Sometimes one hates them, doesn't know them or has lost them
But there is absolutely something learning that their parents gave.」
I'm a \"kumamotogakuen university\" student
New Zealand's internship is this university's curriculum in during summer vacation
I want to go internship but, I didn't entry enter
That needs (or requires) many (a lot of) money and my parents are in opposition of this for some reason
I will go to a foreign country next year
I want to tell this to my English teacher, so I am writing this
I am trying my best to study English!!(No, you don't \"try\" you do or do not. You never \"try\") This is actually my favorite quote by Yoda. You could ignore it if you want to
I'm an university student
I started to study English in junior high school's English
I will go to Florida and visit Disneyland after next month with my family
Just a minute ago, it started to rain so heavily
I can't tell which weather I like better clearly, but I like rainy better than sunny weather
Why do I like rain
Actually, I like cloudy weather too
I should say that I like cloudy the most, rainy the second, and finally I like sunny
I like all of the weather（＾◇＾）！！
The story of yesterday
Yesterday, I went to my part-time job
When I had begun to work, something happened
A woman complained
She was very angry and complained to my friend
The woman said that the manner of the sales clerk was bad
The issue of result that a woman talked with a manager about was settled safely.  In the end, the woman talked to the manager and everything was settled
It's not good for the shop that somebody complained
It made me feel very sad (complained about the shopを言い過ぎ
However, I think that the woman wasn't complaining about us (me
From now on, I will bear in mind to wait carefully on the customers."
My name is S1nn. [Are you sure? Maybe a different spelling
I study English at a university
All of you who will help me, I am thanking you in advance."
I came here(this site) today because I thought that this site would be helpful for some homework that I was given 
However, the homework is already late
When I came here,However, writing a diary to 
this site surprised me
ople can share their diaries and form new friendships
However, I didn't have time to do that
because  TODAY I HAD SOME REALLY BAD LUCK
Due to the fact that I had a lot of homework,I was very busy and tired today
Moreover, I lost my pen which my friend bought for me
I think \"I will have to buy another one
I hope that tomorrow will be a happier day."
korean
korean test was hard today
It make me frustrated
After that test, I was really Ondergaan impact
Today the game starts, Korea Vs Argentina
Today I was talked about Argentina
my friends told to me 
 Argentina will win because they're are good at soccer
So Korea might be lose
Even though Argentina is good at soccer and better than Korea, However, we have a passion
badminton
After lunch, I could see the game of badminton being played between my friends and a PE teacher
In my class, the best badminton player was my friend
She is a best students in badminton
However, I think that playing children against adults is a little unfair
The PE teacher  easily won the game
My friend was  frustrated
She had thought that her skill was similar to her teacher's skill
After playing,we returned the gym's key
and teacher called me and I was approached by the teacher
The teacher sprayed me with some water
I want to return the act, but I couldn't
because after that classes started again
I think, PE teacher acts like a child."
Today was very hot
So I didn't want to study after class, but I did because of my friend dajin'sfirst study after class(yaja
I was spent lots of time remembering my grandmother
During the literature class, I was remembered my grandmother because of a poem whose title is 'In the memory
I knew I can't do anything
But I want to eat kalguksu and garby which she make
So I felt that we need to call number of heaven.I can't understand this sentence
My family talked about call number of heaven before
I started studying English recently
However, there hasn't been any progress at all
I was keeping a diary in English
But, I stopped after two weeks
I made a piece of bread today
so I returned to my room to get the money
finally I could was able to receive the box from the man
2 weeks have passed since the earthquake in Tohoku
Japan has recieved a lot of support from people all over the world
I wasn't affected by the earthquake, but I thank them all the same."
I went to the final of the Women's World Cup soccer games in Frankfurt, Germany
for the World Cup at Frankfurt in Germany
team was very strong,so I thought that JAPAN would not be able to beat U
I was very glad that Nadeshiko JAPAN was being able to win!"
The party of working with me gave the farewell for me.My coworkers gave me a farewell party
I was happy, but I sad
Because I can't see them again for some time 
I don't know when I can come back to Japan
I went to one of the Women's Soccer games for the World Cup in Germany
The Japanese women's soccer team is called \"nadeshiko JAPAN\" in Japan
Yamato nadeshiko\" means to be weak, neat and clean, and beautiful
During the 7 hours journey, I felt lonly , when we arrived at wanjiang station, it was nearly 8pm
I was so tired I was that I didn't want to eat anything when I finally came back."
Today, I should be going to work. However, I was out of work quickly lost my job
because,The job was taken by a manager's relative
I readlly really don't want to stady stay at home in this during winter holiday 
I have to search for anther another job in a shortly time 
Tonight, I will have an appointment with the one someone who bougth bought a computer for from me at the restaurant."
Now, I'm studying English
When I'm at home, I watch English TV programs
It is called, \"Begin Japanology
It is a very good show because it has very easy English."
I wake woke up early this morning. 「wake」じゃなくて、「woke」です．wokeの意味は起きたですが、 wakeの意は起きるです。 
I wake woke up early this morning. 「wake」じゃなくて、「woke」です．wokeの意味は起きたですが、 wakeの意は起きるです。 
Then, I go to went library near my home. 
I read some English books. ← これで正解です！
There are English conversation books, English words books , and English columns. ← Please remember, more than 1 noun is a plural. 「book」と「column」は「books」と「columns」の複数形です。carsとかspeakersとかnewspapersなどは可算名詞です。
I use an electric dictionary and iPad
I study some English words which I don't know. I study English words that I don't know. "
My name is Himawari, Handle (Handle Himawari?) name
I'm a 28 years old woman
The place where I live here is in the countryside. (I live in the countryside
Because of the transportation facilities are not enough sufficient, so it's important to have a car one by one
By the way, I want to improve my English on this nice site, and to meet nice people all over the world
My son is on summer vacation
That's why we enjoyed a movie called \"Kung Fu Panda
It was an interesting story for us
After that the movie he said
not necessary
You know, he is 6 years old
This was the first time for him to watch a movie at a theater
So he must be moved that a saound at the sound and a the picture from a the big screen."
It has been long time since  I don't write  wrote in my diary
I'v been fine,but Ｉ　am to be negligent in  of writing
I have decided on something present that I want as a present
That's It's a wall clock
I 'll buy the present on through Internet shopping, not from Santa
I wonder what looks like one mach best on my wall. kind of clock will look best on my wall."
A Cristmas Party was held at an English Cafe last sunday afternoon
There are  were many foreigner staff speaking English fluently and Japanese people who want to improve their　English skills
With my poor English  it is hard to have hold up a conversation with a lots  of people
To be enjoy at  the English Cafe I have to study more English."
I'm Japanese and live in Tokyo, Japan
I've been studying English for 10 years, but cannot write and speak well
It is very useful and a wonderful SNS, I guess
So let's study language together and please correct my mistakes."
契約延長の可能性がある場合は、（Aを）降ろしてくださいませ。"
Culture smarts or science intelligence
First, let me  give a definition of both culture and science
Culture means the customs and beliefs, art, way of life and social organization of a particular country or group
While science means knowledge of structure and behaviour of the natural and physical world, based on facts that you can prove. for example, by experiments
Based on the definition we can say that culture is something abstract, and science is something specific
Beliefs , arts, and customs are all a part of culture; it’s hard to tell what exactly they 
But science is quite different; it is something made from the natural and physical world
We all can tell what it is and how does works
Culture is something connected with our inner heart, it is the creation of the human soul
Sculpture,painting create space; Something like music grasps time
Due to psychological experiments, our(?) inner world is related to the material world, and the soul is the origin of the world
Can you imagine a highly developed material world without cultural civilization
In recent years,dichlorvos ham,,melamine milk, fake diplomas, and various other incidents have occurred
Why have these occurred? is it  because of our underdeveloped economy
Our carelessness towards fellow human beings  results in it
Maybe someone could argue that we’re a developing country, and that we have to do so for economic development
But let’s look at our neighbors India and Vietnam. Are they more developed than us? Obviously not. (Be careful here, this phrase sounds a little bit arrogant
Indian pharmaceutical exports are among the world’s strongest and most powerful
We need more love, introspection and respect for others
But a world without culture is more terrible. (I agree!)"
Name:   lvjuan(use your LAST NAME FIRST NAME)  Sex:  Female
Nationality: HanChineseEducational Level:  CollegeUniversity
Mobile number: xx　e-mail: judychong88@126.com
com
OBJECTIVE : To obtain a challenging positionBEST TO SAY WHAT TYPE OF JOB YOU WANT HERE
Education:   2006.9-2010 jJiaxing cCollege- majored in Japanese
Language skills: English CET6, Japanese Level 1. Have a good command of both spoken and written English English CET6 Japanese leveland1 some basic Koreankorean
2006-2007:Worked in the university Opera club(responsible for searchingidentifyingsponsers and arrangingpublicity work); As a marketing investigator worked in EF(Say what EF is
2007-2008:Worked as a waitressin a resturant as waitress
2008-2009:tTaught in theuniversity Japanese club of our university
Did salesSold wide range of personal items while in school(sellingincludingmobile phonecards and,personalitems in daily use,etc
2009-2010:As a tTelephoniste receptionist forworked in the insurance company
Modest, self-discipline, self-confidence, enthusiasm and strong enforcement(IS THIS THE SAME AS SELF DISCIPLINE? OR DO YOU MEAN SELF MOTIVATING?)."
My wife is a student at an art college, studying through a correspondence course
She will have a class of copperplate engraving class tomorrow, but she still has something preparation to do as
I will go to the Bowling with my friends
I want to get to a score of 200
I am so excited for tommorow^-^♪"
This music is very great! (I think it sounds more natural
This music cheered me up; \"so\" that I listen to it when I can`t \"stop my heart from breaking\" resist breaking my heart
A little meanwhile
Do you know the Japanese band [MUCC
I went to see the cherry blossoms in Neyagawa on April 16. [16th でもいい」
NOTE: :) This is how most Westerners write their 顔文字。Either is okay, of course! But sometimes 「 ＾＾ 」 is confusing for Westerners
I saw my friends who live in Negawa for the first time in a long time
There were fifteen of us
It was a very fine day OR It was a really nice day
I hadn't played dodgeball in a long time
I had not played it since I was in school! OR I had not played it since I was little! OR I had not played it since I was a school child! 
It made me think about how important friends are
I want to play dodgeball again! OR I want to go to a cherry blossom again some time."
I want to talk to a Native English speaker
I will study English hard every day
My work is finished now. 
I will study English now
I only have one hope\/wish. (I'm not sure how to describe the correction, sorry D
I will get to go to the KANSAI GAIKOKUGO DAIGAKU. (人気の大学ですか？o_o
And, the people around me will be happy. (around the people = people around me, happiness is a state, not the feeling
Because other peoples' happiness makes me happy!"
It's my birthday tomorrow - 5th April. 
It`s the 5th of April
I will be 22(years old
But, I'll be very busy tomorrow
My birthday is the same as a weekdays to me
Do you celebrate your birthday
This picture is taken now^^ I just took this picture."
I had been very busy last week
I helped open a new store on 28th of February 
I lost one night of sleep（；。
Then,I will go to work
I can play the acoustic guitar. (no need for capitalization unless it's a brand name or something
But, my guitar skill is basic. (or: However\/But, I only know the basics
But, I'm not progressing in it ... (If you're using \"I don't\", should be something like \"I don't feel like I'm progressing\/getting anywhere, otherwise try using I'm not
I don`t have any talent for guitar(;o;) (talent would be the better word
But, I`m hung on hard!! (?? But, I won't give up)"
I went to Bowling with my friends and my school's teathers. (\"school teachers\" is also correct
I wanted to get a score of 200(;o
I was mortified
Now my whole body is sore
My school friend got MVP
I've finished work now
I`m into playing 『DEVIL MAY CRY 4』. (Could remove \"playing
But first, I must hang out the wasing to dry,and clean my room
I Love My Brother
I went to the [Round one] with my brother, his girlfriend, and my girlfriend on May 2th
I go to My office that always rade a bike.I always go to my office by riding my bike. 
So, I have great helpful^^♪ (?)It is very helpful. 
Earlier, I smoked an entire pack of cigarettes. (This correction places more emphasis on the amount you smoked - research exaggerations, hyperboles or emphasis for more information
I want to reduce it. (Or: \"I want to smoke less
I must resist! (Sounds more natural, but is very informal.)"
A big earthquake hit Japan
A lot of people died
The Earthquake wreaked havoc upon the country especially in the Tohoku region
So, I`m safe
I hope many people survive."
My name is Son
My english name is Spencer
Glad to meet everybody
I'm studying English to use for my work
Thank for reading."
This is my first entry on this website
Today I came across this website at the  CNET web site
I have worked for an international  company and because of my job , I have to use English so I study English
So I entered this website
Actually, I have studied English since I was 13 years old, but yet I cannot speak fluently (on the other hand, with respect to reading, writing and listening of English, I think I am  better in speaking
Therefore,  I have practiced speaking English, by using \"American Accent Training\"."
Last Sunday, I stayed my friend's homehouse
We drank a lot of drink
Next day, I struckgot a headache."
I am haveapart time job at McDonald's
Once a year McDonald's will holds what it's all-Japan crew contest
It is a battle to determine the excellentbest crew.best= 一番
Yesterday an examination was held to choose who would be entered
If I get a good evaluation I can participate in it, please help.(^o^)\/"
I like an animal reptiliform reptilians and amphibians. 
But all none of my friends don't like them.(T_T
What do you like an animal? What animal do you like?"
What is are your language problem troubles
My problem of English is writing, speaking, is and listening 
Almost
I just want to know \"how to study\" each things
How do you study everyday
Some of my friends said that Japanese people are shy
I'm shy as well
but I try to speak to them in my class
Also, Japanese knows about grammar
But they can't speak
Have a good weekend. x"
I'm full
I just had a couple of cups of tea! (You can also say: \"I just had some tea
It was very nice Moroccan tea
Recently, I've been living with my owner and her family. (Another person can't own you. You should use a different word. You may mean landlord [地主
anyway They're very kind to me
They prepare dinner every night
It's really a lot of food
I can't leave it so I'm going to gain weight
I worry about that! 
But I'm happy
I'm going to go to sleep
Good night then."
on saturday----i feel really good xfelt
i don't have to go scool, also i could sleep too late!didn't....go to school....so I could sleep until late
today i cleaned my room, and then i went to costa where is coffe shop near my house.where→which ....... a coffee shop
but i tried to be study
after that i had a big dinner with my roommate in mu house xmy you have only one roommate?? then its ok
My mobile phone has been acting strange\/playing up since last night
It hasn't had a signal for a whole day
I'm not able to make a phone call or sent a text
I went to Uni, and then to my part time job today
I didn't have time to take it to a m\/p shop
I'm going bodyboarding tomorrow
It'll be my first time doing it
The weather is supposed to be good tomorrow
If I have a time after bodyboarding, I'll take my phone to a m\/p shop
Today I joined the Lang-8 to study English
I'm a student in China. (Correct, but in this context it would perhaps be more natural to write: \"I'm a student from China
And I want to be your friend."
Today is Halloween. Day
Although I'm in China,I still like Halloween
I have a question 
What shall I write here
jejejeje a friend told me I should write about my memories, is that true
 well I hope someone answers it :)"
Well , I will introduce myself. My name is Eric. I am from Colombia :D Latin America! Hallo 
P.S. : I know it is hello :) it's xD only cool like deutsch (I'm not sure what you mean to say, but maybe you mean: It's cool like German!"
Hi wonderfull people
Why does my country have all every movie translated into the Italian language
I know people from anyeverywhere and they speak English because they have seen a lot of moives movies in their original language
But now i wacth watch movies in English with subtitles. [O: I'm watching a movie in English with subtitles. (1 movie
I hope you will have a great dey day
I speak English very poorly
I know very few words and nothing about grammar
I hope this website and you nice people can help me with my exercise
Thank you so much for the corrections
bye bye
who knows from which country you come in this website for from in order to help me on this website
So, i tell say to you \"Thanks so much!\" before
It's a nice. hot sentence to listen to
I think I could listen to this everyday and to be however heated. -> 
What do you think about that, my friend corrector? My corrector friend...? forse
So here I am once again [here I am = eccomi \/\/ once again = un'altra volta, ancora una volta
I hope you're fine
It's very funny to use this site
I corrected four entries
Now here in Italy it's night and I'm still awake
You're correting my text and I want to tell you
The weather is sooo hot these day
However, according to the weather forecast ,it will rain soon
I think it's been a long time since I wrote English last time
so you might find lots of mistakes in my diary
I hope you enjoy reading mine and help to fix it
I will be wait
This is the first diary of mine. (grammatically correct, but \"my first diary\" sounds less serious. You use the \"of mine\" construction when talking about your children, or being especially melodramatic (\"this love of mine
I know that writing a diary is a good way to learn language, so I will try to keep a diary from today as often as possible
Lately Japan has been having driving rain
We are concerned it has been caused by global warming impact
Tomorrow I am going to go to a famous event in which many artists appear on the stage. (that'd be a concert if it's music, and a festival if it has a common theme
I went to the a concert in which many famous artists appeared
It had strong sunshine & driving rains in the concert The sun was very warm and it was also raining, but fortunately there was the roof over my seat of the open-air stadium, so I was safe and enjoyed it without any problems."
Hi, this is my first post
I spent some time on this site
Let's get acquainted
I am a Russian hippie
I am a writer and journalist, but for now I'm working 
Don't worry be happy!..;)"
Let me tell you about the site of the chamber orchestra MSU
Delicate baroque music with the virtuoso performances of 
What Russian musicians do you know
Although I am a hippie, I like punk music more that hippie music
Although the boundary between them in our country is conditional
and Roman Neumoev 
Tell me, what do you know about the informal culture in Russia?"
I like a variety of different music
From simple noises to the baroque 
A big earthquake happened around the Tokyo and Tohoku area a while ago
I hope everyone is all right."
Today's the TAYLOR SWIFT's concert
No long time no see
She's going to be sooo must be cute
I have to study because I have big EXAM in at the end of Feb
How do you say やばい in English?? やっぱいなら 英語で「dangerous」。しかしその事について、ぜんぜん使って。we would rather say something like...\"Cutting it close\". Otherwise やっぱい is kind of a word that's unique in Japanese. There isn't a solid English equivalent. 
Anyway(s), I can't wait!"
i'm It's my first time in lang-8
Now, I'm studying for my graduation thesis
I think maybe I will be able to write better English sentences maybe because I'm reading papers written in English
Next Sunday, I am going to go to Kyoto Karasuma(京都烏丸) to watch the bodybuilding student competition. \"Appreciate\" can work in this situation, but you would be better served by using the word \"watch\". 
Although I have never worked out for bodybuilding but rather for power lifting, I am very excited about going to the competition
Now Currently I am a graduate student in Kyoto
My major is in music information processing
Last month, Because I recently submitted a master thesis last month, I am taking the time to enjoy the spring holiday
So, I'm enjoying the spring holidays
The first My first dialy diary entry by in English
Today, after lunch, I was watching some the news and information on the intrenet internet with while I was drinking coffee. as my rest
So, I found theAs I was watching the news, I discovered information about this SNS service
I was very interested in it, and , I registered to it immediately
I hope that I will be able to spend the valuable time by with it."
I enjoyed using Lang-8! 
I enjoyed using Lang-8 for around 2 hours
I forgot about the time.　アメリカ人の友達に聞くとアメリカ人はI lost track of time.をよく使うらしいです。
I haven't finished my today's job for today yet
This is a problem
It uses charcoal to cooks the rice. with the method using charcoal
There are a lot of methods used to cook the rice in Japan.you can use methods but better to use 'there are a lot of different ways of cooking rice in Japan
Then taste of the rice was improved. It was very delicious very much
I was surprised that the taste changed so much when the rice cookers were different
My family eat ate the more rice than ever
So the necessary quantity of necessary rice at my home has increased
I sleep too late in recent days. Recently, I have been sleeping late
So I feel tired after get into the office. So I feel tired when I get to the office
I will go to bed as soon\/early as possible today
If it is possible，I will ask for leave this afternoon."
I feel the girl who I love does NOT love me
But, I will continue to pursue her
Can I wake up from my daydream
Let me confuse. I'm confused. (She's confused me
If she do NOT love me, why did she accept (an invitation) to attend music concert with me？
The girl who I love started to contact me today. (The girl I love contacted me today
Today is a wonderful day
Tomorrow marks the beginning of the National Day Holiday
I will return to my family in Nanjing
It has been nearly three months since I last saw my mother
I am not a good son，so I feel bad for my mother
I hope (?) can repair the relation between mother and me
Global stock market plunged yesterday，and USD rise rose sharply
I invited the girl who I love to watch a movie yesterday. She agreed to go with me
We watched “My Kingdom《大武生》” at 19:00
I talked with her about a lot of topics
I felt like my love was returned
But, when I sent a message, which is filled with hidden love, to her through QQ, she said \"no
So, I feel a little confused."
I have a strong desire to buy the iMAC
My salary increase 40% since\/I had a 40% increase in salary this month
Now I have a iPad, and two mobile phones (one is a Samsung Windows Mobile 6.5and the other is a Nokia symbian phone) and an ASUS Windows XP notebook
But my notebook is too old, some large software are not running smoothly on it
In the future，I have an ideal\/that plan to buy an Android Phone from HTC
So I (can) enjoy Microsoft, Apple and Google products."
Find a new job
I do not like my current company，so I want to switch to another company
I sent my resume to a lot of companies，and attended some interview
I feel that one company may be recruit me，but there has been no further information since I met with the interviewer from the Human Resources last Friday
Can I succeed in to finding a new job？"
It is well known that the government is very strict with foreign currency exchange management in china
So it is a big problem that I get my profit from forex transferred to china from overseas
I think that an offshore bank account may be a good solution
I am trying to find a good bank that accepts applications for offshore accounts
Today is the first day after Mid-Autumn Festival （In Chinese we call it 中秋节）
Many people return to work today morning, so the station is full of people waiting for the bus
China is well known for its large population
I spent on a lot of energy getting on the bus.（我废了很大力气，才挤进公交车）
There are a lot of many work waiting for me in the office."
Earning money from the Forex Market
I want to speculate on the Forex Market
Because of the crisis of the Euro area, the Euro fell sharply
There is no change in JPY，so EUR\/JPY fell more slowly than usual
I thought about it for a long time
Finally, I sent a message to the girl I fell in love with
I told her that I was happy with her, but it is time to say bye-bye to her
I am lonely again
Though today is sad for me, but maybe Miss Right is waiting for me tomorrow."
I'm inlove with this girl
I gradually fell in love with a girl, recently
She and I We entered Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine at the same year and she is a Doctor of Pharmacy
Over the past few weeks, I invited she her to watch some movies
Should I give up, or continue to chase pursue her
It has been ten days since I my interviewed with the company that I was interested in
But There has been no any messages from the company at all
I felt disappointed，so I continued to send my resume to different companies yesterday
I am eager to find a new jobbecause I feel the future of the company that I am working in is uncertain
Part Time Job
I have been working at a bakery as a part time worker since February, I work there from 6am-12 on weekdays
However, I'm quitting the job next month because I'm going to go to Australia to study
I will difinetly definitely miss my co-workers
I want to work hard for the rest of my days during my remaining days at the bakery shop. I have changed this because the phrase 'for the rest of my days' is only really used when someone is referring to the rest of their life, which you aren't."
I was in charge of facilitating an English conversation club for beginners today
We have the class almost every week, and I often join it as a facilitator
I prepare one game, and two kinds of funny, short stories, and a discussion topic
For the discussion, I showed one video that explains Japanese culture in a funny way ( it is made by Japanese comedians) and discussed some points which the participants thought were interesting
I thought visual aid can help me facilitate the class, and I was also able to enjoy watching the video
Today is was the birthday of my English teacher
He turned 59 years old
I baked a cake (sweet potato＋chocolate) for him
He said that he usually looks back on his life and make plan or goal for his future on his birthdays every year. He said every year on his birthday, he looks back on his life and makes plans for the future
It's great that what he dreamed about on his birthday 10 years ago has come true
I learned that planning and reviewing is a key point to life !!"
I borrowed the a book about Yuki Kudo, an actress who performed acted\/appeared (<- these are better :D) in some Hollywood movies (<-you don't need \"movies\" twice)  and Japanese movies
She is a Japanese person who started studying English in the late of her teens in order to succeed in Hollywood.  * OR \"she is Japanese and started
She is really beautiful, attractive, and fluent in English
However, I found out it that the library was closed today
I ended up studying in the a Starbucks coffee shop which is located near the library
I used to go to Starbucks or other coffee shops to study when I was a university students
I try not to go there these days because I want to save money; today was an exceptional day
One of my co-workers couldn't come to work because she wasn't feeling well. (This is more common
My co-workers and I had to make up for her absence... (Introduce others before yourself
My shift was from  6:00 AM - 11:00 AM, but I couldn't finish all of my work by 11:00 AM, so I had to ask other workers to do it for me when I left the bakery. (「Shift」 is a way to say our working hours
I felt bad because they don't know what happened in the morning, so they might think that I was just a slow worker... (「slow to work」 means you are 「late for work」
Well, it isn't something I should think about
I will go to bed early and prepare for the next day 
I will work more cheerfully with smile tomorrow."
It's not easy to write a diary in English
but I want to keep my diary when I have time to do for the improvevent of my writing skills !!  OR When I have time to, I want to update my diary so I can improve my writing skills."
I had a writing lesson at an English language school today
I'm going to take the English step test (first grade) next week
I have difficulty in writing essays
The difficult thing is that I need to write the essay in 20-25 min, which is a really short amount of time
Also, my essays often lack the connection between each paragraphs
Please keep those things in mind because I want to keep practicing the my essay writing
Yesterday, I had a party with my neighbors
Three people are living in our apartment, and sometimes we have dinner together, or talk over a cup of coffee
Since i am moving out in 3 weeks it was kind of a farewell party
We were not going to have the party, but we quickly decided to do because everyone were at home yesterday --which was rare --- and we were not sure when everyone could get together again
Although we only had 30 min to cook,  the meal turned out to be really gorgeous 
I whipped up some \"baked potato chikin \" and Chinese radish salada\" 
As well as the lovely meal, we had a very meaningful discussion
We spoke about the bible
They suggested that I should read bible in order to learn about christianity and western ideals
I think it would be good for my study of the English language."
My new friend took me to a farmer's market today
I was able to get vegetables which are were fresh, good in quality, and cheap 
Daikon ( Chinese radish ) was 30 yen, 
Strawberry was 100 yen for 20 pieces or so
A pickled green leaf vegetable was 50 yen
Do you know what a \"Daikon Oroshi\" is
It is a grated radish
I ate Daikon Oroshi and pickled vegetables with rice for lunch
They are were so tasty 
I hope this marketing style ( local product for local people ) should be more encouraged both fore for both consumers and farmers."
Rakugo is a Japanese sit down comedy
Rakugo tellers sit down on the stage and tell the audience funny storys
Being different from a western-style comedian, a rakugo teller performs several kinds of roles in the story
I want to try performing Rakugo in English, and tell people from overseas about the Japanese sense of humor in the near future 
I usually study from 2 to 6pm after working at the bakery shop
It is hard for me to concentrate on study at around two o'clock because I really feel sleepy
It's very tiring to fight off the feeling of sleepiness, so I dared to take a nap after lunch
I felt refreshed after the nap
It is important to think about strategies and just try them once regardless of their credibility when we have a problem."
Lifestyle
Weekend
It was nice to sleep in a lot on saturday
Now I feel like I have recharged energy my batteries
In the afternoon I did my laundry, baked muffin and studied for the test which I wrote about on in this diary yesterday
I'm going to go to bed earlier today and I will wake up at 4:30 tomorrow as usual, in order to prepare for the beginning of  the next week
Sleeping a lot, waking up late on Saturday, waking up as early as weekdays on Sunday
I think I can keep good rhythm for my lifestyle this way
Incidently, today's muffins were two kinds, caramel banana and sweetpotato."
to be or not to be
Many times I wake up from my dreams and remember not only the stress of my work, but also the hardships of life
What kind of man I want to be also confuses me. (\"wanna\" = \"want + to,\" so when you use \"wanna,\" you don't use \"to
I’M NOT REALISTIC. I have so many dreams and in the end I’ve got nothing in my hand
What a poor man I am
To be or not to be should be at the front of my mind again; decisions should be made at once
And also the love has not yet come for me. My mother introduced a boy to me and I found that he was not sincere but just like a hunter he played with my heart
OMG PUT YOUR MERCY SHINE ON ME PLZ"
The end of 2005, I first went to the Vietnam with my friends
During the month I stayed there, I studied Vietnamese at Vietnamese Language School in 
At that time, I'd been interested in learning Vietnamese 
because I was majoring in Vietnamese
Moreover, all of professors were kind and nice
During the weekend, my friends and I visited many famous places and ate Vietnam traditional food in Ho Chi Minh city
Vietnamese generally drive motorcycles
After we saw numerous bikes in the road, we felt scared whenever we crossed the street
As days went by, we got used to walking through the streets, fortunately
I was very excited and outgoing in Vietnam
I even felt it was like my heaven
I made Vietnamese friends, who showed us famous restaurants and markets in the city
I had the opportunity to practice my Vietnamese to native speakers
After 1 month in Vietnam, we began a 1 month backpack trip
We went to the Ankor-Wat in Cambodia by bus, except for main city of Vietnam
Because of the length of Vietnam (from South to North)is 1,740km, we took a long time to move around there
But we experienced the culture of Vietnam
It's a genuine part of Vietnam
Although Backpacking was pretty tough, it's really fun
Last year, the end of the March, I went to the Hanoi in Vietnam again as a intern
I had a no longer had any problems to get getting used to Vietnam anymore
But I didn't use Vietnamese for a while, so I forgot most of it
My office was located next to Daewoo Hanoi Hotel
It's a bit of a long distance by walk, from my home
Sadly, I was very busy when I stayed in Hanoi. I can never have enough time when I travel to a city
But, I had a chance to go on vacation during the national holidays of Vietnam
I remember it's the Anniversary of the Vietnam War.) 
I liked the bus trip
It's very difficult for me to speak English comfortably
I don't understand the meaning of this sentence, so I'll leave it
Consequently, I think that experience of Vietnam made me grow and grow
I always try to give thanks for everything
Thanks for listening to me."
I am working in the an office
Fortunately, I just finished my task for the day
Because I am a intern, I sometimes have enough time to surfing the Internet
I'm very scared about the situation after my internship 
I want to make my mother happier than now. or I want to make my mother happy
I wanna be a proud lady. or I want to be proud of myself
Although I cannot change the present is not changed, I will change my future."
Why can't I speak (in) English spontaneously
I've been feeling stressed recently
The problem is that I cannot speak (in) English as well as I thought
I didn't expect it to feel so much like reaching for the sky
When I try to start speaking, a disorderly flood of similar words occurs  to me
I usually imagine in my head what I am going to say, then try to express it in English
Is it basically wrong for an intermediate-level 
Japanese at first, then translate it into English
On the other hand, writing sentences is a little bit easier for me than speaking in English, even if it is in the style mentioned above
Last night my  kids were playing around the room until midnight
I know I should have forced them to go to bed earlier, but actually we had had a power nap in the early evening, so I let them stay up
This morning the person living on the floor below us came and claimed that our children made too much noise when they walked around
There is no doubt about it, but I think that was our first time annoying them
After all we've just moved here a couple of weeks before,and every weekends we go back to our second house
this condominium's structure, the noises like the TV, radio and voices are blocked
We'll try to keep quiet when we walk around the room,but I have no idea if we can manage it all the time
You know, kids aged 6 and 3 can go wild sometimes
I don't know how to use this well, but wanted to try this out of curiosity
If someone would kindly correct my mistakes in these sentences, I would be very happy
He weighed 2.7 kg
Now I feel greatly relieved as everything went through safely in the end
I'm sorry for having troubled you as I could not support my daughter during my pregnancy
When we ingest food, saliva destroys the germs or viruses  in food before digesting and softening food for digestion
In this point of view, we should try to keep food in our mouth as long as we can. (This sounds a little weird...I think you mean, \"We should chew food thoroughly before swallowing\" ?)"
From August 12 to August 14,we hold the Bon Festival
It is a festival to welcome home the souls of our departed ancestors and have memorial services
It was very strong wind in Okinawa until last night. It was caused by MUIFA Typhoon
There is a large aquarium　named Okinawa Curaumi Aquarium in Okinawa.The sentence is correct, but I will change \"named\"-part for called. \"Named\" is usually used for living things and human being. Ex.1 This is for a boy named Alan. but Ex2. this place is called Okinawa Curaumi Aquarium
Once, I have been there
It was very impressive experience\/sight
I swam 1,000 meters at the outdoor swimming pool yesterday evening
The water was comfortably cool. [this is correct but you could just say \"The water temperature was comfortable
But maybe my muscles will be sore tomorrow. [in formal English, avoid starting a sentence with \"and\" or \"but\". In casual English, it is ok to do so
We started seeing each other for 8 Months, before I came to here to study
Most couples break up very easily, when one of them goes abroad or they have a long distance relationship,(?) because it just doesn't work
Although it is quite difficult to keep contact with each other or talk to each other by Skype or something, I have had only 2 Boyfriend in my life including my recent boyfriend, so I don't know much about relationship things, but I think it is possible to keep their relationship when both of them respect and trust each other and don't restrain each other
It may be different, i am not sure when I go back to Japan
But still, I am not sure if we are going to get married in the future, because we are still student and don't have much money either,and in addition there are lots of nice people in the world
English Poem
I want to ask English native speakers if you can read and understand English poems (like Shakespeare, John Milton, Spencer and so on) as they read today's English. (Like this kind of poem below, for example
Of course I heard often that it is also difficult for native speakers to understand Shakespeare, because their English is not the same as the English he used
But I am so depressed these days because I can not understand English poems \/ poetry at all
But if it is also difficult for native speakers, that would comfort me a bit
And I want to know if there is a helpful website for understanding English poetry
If somebody knows of one, let me know please!"
Sometimes I think about why American people often say \"cool!\" or \"awesome\" for some unimportant things
Maybe it is just to express their surprise or impression in an exaggerated way
Yet, I have never said such kind of exaggerated expressions so often in Japanese before
However, when I speak in English, I sometimes use these expressions
I must admit I do feel ashamed everytime I say these words
Maybe it's because I haven't gotten used to saying them. As a result, I don't feel so comfortable
Usually, I'm not so much of a talkative and sociable person in Japan, but here, I must be sociable and talkative
It is a bit stressful for me to change myself
Maybe when I become able to speak English fluently, I would not feel so stressful because I could express myself in \"Japanese mood
「Ｒ」and 「L」Pronounciation
Yesterday I was talking with an American guy during the dinner about English
It is said that japanese pepple people can't tell difference \"R\" and \"L\",because we don't have such pronunciation in Japanese
That's true, but although I've already known that how they pronounce \"L\"and \"R\", I couldn't tell the difference between \"Work\" and \"Walk\" yesterday
It sounds almost the same to me
In German it is a totally different pronounciation,like \"arbeiten\"(work) and \"spazieren\"(walk) that's why sometimes German is easier for me than English
I think people who speasks English as a mother tongue,they use very often their toungue than Japanese,because I seldom use my toungue when I am speaking
I hear quite often that American people start their conversation with, \"I mean..\" or \"To be honest.\" or \"like
I didn't know why, so I asked him about this yeserday
It is one of the ways to start a converstion
I suppose that it is like \"えっと～\" or \"っていうか～\" in Japanese
Reading English is also difficult for me, because I always translate it unconsciously from English to Japanese, otherwise I can't get the meaning sometimes
For exsample, there is a lot of sentences which that begin with \"that\" or \"which\" and they add too the sentence
But when I have to translate it to Japanese, I always have to read after the 'which' or 'that' sentence and go back to the first sentence
Maybe I have to take granted for that English and Japanese have a different construction
Nowadays I try to read English books without \"reconstructing\" it into Japanse, although I can't get it sometimes
I hope someday I can read English books like an English speaker. is reading
No Drugs
I just watched a movie called \"Requiem for a Dream\" tonight which took place in the one of the institutions of the University and I came back home just now. \"one of the\" always comes before a plural, so you will have to say 'institutions
Movie Night' takes place every Tuesday night during the semester, and the theme for this semester is, \"Drugged Up Reality
But I didn't think that tonight's movie deals with so heavy Theme and desperate ending, before I started watching the movie
It was too hard for me to watch all of the scenes
After the movie, I couldn't say anything about the movie. (I was speechless
I was just stunned by drug's horror, and I was so upset
This movie would be suitable as an educational movie for young people, although it may be too violent and shocking
I often see posters in Japan which state, \"No, Absolutely\". (ours say 'Just Say No
It suggests for young people not to try drugs, but I think this message is too weak to pass to the young people
When they watch this movie one time, most of people will never want to try drugs, and I hope so
Recently my body itches so much without no any reason. (for no reason
At first I thought (that) it was because of the dry air or hard water here, that my body itches. OR At first I thought, \"Because of the dry air or hard water here, my body itches
but my body itches still although I always apply cream to my body after taking a shower
Every week I change my bedcover and wash it, and I clean vacuum my room by vacuum cleaner. (clean my room with a vacuum cleaner
I hope it will be fine go away as soon as possible, or but maybe it is better to go to the hospital."
Can I say I treated myself this expensive chocolate?(or I dared to buy such an expensive chocolate?) "
Life is like a chokorate chocolate box
I visited my Italian friend whom I haven't seen for 3 years
I was very afraid at first when I got on the train going to Milano
As soon as I got on the train and found the a seat, two police officers came into the train with a big dog
It seemed that they were trying to find the person who has a drag. (What's a drag
And a woman who sat next to me was arrested by the police because the dog in front of her didn't stop barking in front of her
She was taken away by the police and gotten off exited the next station
A very nice beginning
I was really relieved when I saw my friend at the Milano station
I was happy to see her and any changes of her to see how much she changed
We went to her home at first and talked about everything what that happened to us in these past 3 years
I was had known that she just recently broke up with her boyfriend last year and has been kind a of depressed since then
She seemed to be a little tired
After I listened to her whole story, I found in her face some tiredness and boredness boredom in her life
She works from Monday to Friday and has a few friends in Milano, she explained to me. (She was born in Napoli and moved to Milano 2 years ago
I tried to make her to be feel more happy during I stayed my stay at her home
I gave her a chocolate box which I bought in Switzerland
There were a lot of many different kinds of chocolates in the box
She said to me
Life is like a chocolate box
Everyday, we can eat a different taste of chocolates. 
She said to me that she was known heard this phrase in from the movie \"Forrest Gump
I also watched this movie before, but I've already forgotten this phrase
Yes, life may be like a chocolate box
Although we may have eaten a bitter chocolate today, we will might eat a sweet chocolate with a lot of flavors tomorrow
She is now in a different moment in her life, but I'm sure that someday she will be happy again, like (the sweet chocolate) in a chocolate box."
Today I we discussed about the differences between Japanese and English during the lecture.I changed 'I' to 'we' because it was not just you who discussed, but the whole lecture. 'Differences' should be plural as there are probably many differences
but not only English, but also other Languages in general.)Two negatives
I think that the largest\/biggest difference between them is letters of course, but also pronunciation is the most difference has a large\/big difference and it makes English very difficult for us. 'most difference' is mostly used with the in front. Ex: Which test will make the most difference? It is more natural to use largest\/biggest in most cases. 
Because we can't pronounce what we read in English.This sentence is a fragment. It can be from a mix of the sentence before: \"The difference in pronunciation makes English very difficult for us because we can't pronounce what we read in English well
But you can pronounce what you read in Japanese
Almost every one can understand what you say in Japanese, although you don't pronounce it correctly or naturally
But when I pronounce English wrongly, nobody can understand what I say.In my opinion, 'wrongly' sounds weird. I would use 'incorrectly
What The only difficulty is writing, I guess."
I just finished watching this Video now through TED, which is one of my favorite web-sites
I think her speech is interesting, but not so surprising, because I've already thought about similar things like her before, but still I agree with her to some extent
As I've already written a diary here in German before, I think English is going to be (or already is) a World language now
I know that this notion is very controversial, but it's true as far as I know or have experienced
And I don't think English is a very bad choice, because there are lots of similar languages that are originally come from Latin
I don't know much about linguistic things, but what i want to say is that English has a lot of brother languages like German or French.) and Most of people (of course not everyone) have already had some English knowledge, and the English grammar is not that difficult compared to another languages
although it's very troublesome to learn an another language,but it's still very fun.(OR \"It's very troublesome to learn another language, but it's still very fun
When I went to Tunisia this January, I spent a very nice time with one Tunisian family, because one of them spoke to me in English in the airplane
When If we would not have had a common language, it would have been impossible to communicate with them and spend time at their house, because I can't speak either Arabic or French, while they can't speak Japanese
English became a tool to connect one person to another."
I'm So Exhausted 
Two different groups of friends visited me last week, which explains why I didn't have time for myself and writing a diary on here
I enjoyed very much enjoyed spending time with my friends, but my conscious pricks me now because of my laziness.>\"conscious pricks me now\" very poetic 
So after my lecture today, I went to the library to read some English books that I need for another lecture. ('I tried', begs the response, either you did go, or you didn't? so I took it that you went :) 
One was Mary Shelley's \"Frankenstein\" and the other was \"Generation X
It is still hard for me to read English books or attend classes which is taught in English, because every Sentence which i read or listen goes from my left ear through the right ear
I know that it takes a long time to be good at English, but I'm very frustrated when I can't understand English or say in English what I want to say when I want to say something
Of course I can notice some small changes in me compared to the last 3 Months, but still, I can't be satisfied with my present English level, because I think that English is not the most difficult language in the world
But recently, I like learning English recently, because sometimes I can notice the improvements of my English, when I talk with English speakers or when I watch \"TED\" (This is my favorite
I feel very happy, when I can understand what they say."
It was the second time for me to think that English is not such a difficult language to learn and is so much fun to speak, it although my english is not good:D
It was the first time for me to go abroad alone and stay with an unknown american people
What I learned the most during this home stay, was how big and free America is ,and many a varieties of people live together and how much life will be change,when I could speak \"English
That's why I changed my course,when I was a third-year student in highshcool
But as soon as I entered the University,my passion for English was gone,because there were a lot of japanese people in my department who spoke English really well.(Most of them were returnee Children
I will not criticze or be envy of returnee Children, because they must have also had a lot of difficulty and it was not their choice to be born as a returnee Child
As the time passed, I began to think that it is useless to learn English, because I thought that no matter how hard I studied English, I can't be a native speaker
That's why I really hate to speaking English in Japan(especially in the class), because I didn't want people to think to be thought that my english is bad and strange
But I realized later that my thought was stupid
I don't have to be a \"native speaker\", because I can never be one, because I am Japanese
Since then I've began to like English again and start learning it
Furthermore, I traveled recently in north Africa and there I got to know a local people who spoke English without hesitating to speak, although he made a lot of mistakes
He works for a hotel, and every visitor understood what he said
It depends on what kind of situation you need to speak English
When you just want to enjoy conversation with people or just travel, you don't need a high level of English
My goal is to be able to read English books, get knowledge in English from the internet without using a dictionary so often, talk and discuss the complicated issues with people in the world
I have no idea how many years it will take
Today I started to learning Spanish on a whim because of my friend from Mexico. (OR: Today my friend from Mexico spontaneously began teaching me Spanish.)  very spontaneously from one of my friend from Mexico
I just learn it for fun is as a fun, not seriously
Now I put the most emphasis on learning English and German, because English is of course important for my study and future job
German is just one of my favorite languages. (A lot of people often say that German is not so a beautiful language because of its strong and harsh sound (OR 'because it sounds so harsh and strong'), but I love this language because it sounds very cool and especially I love this its grammar because it is so good, organized and logical
Before I started to learning German, I didn't think that people were able to can learn more than 2 languages at the same time, but now I became to think that it's possible to learn some different languages at the same time, because I assume that there is lots of merit and (multiplier effects)*. (* I think I know what you mean here, but it doesn't sound very natural and I cannot think of another equivalent
If you learn only one language and once you get stuck \/ hit a learning plateau get into problem over it, you don't feel like learning it any more and probably stop learning it and have  always think an awareness that it will be hard to deal with
But if you learn also another language, it will be much better, because you can switch from one to that another temporally and can have a short break until you feel like learning become to learn it again."
Question about \"most
Yesterday I sent an email to one of my friends who lives in Cairo
I traveled to Egypt this winter and at that time he helped me a lot and showed me around the city with his car
So that's why I wanted to express my gratitude to him and wrote the following
This trip was the most impressive trip ever among my travels before
I often tended to think about the same things when I was with my ex-boyfriend in Japan
I can't believe that someday I will die
And also I can't imagine living alone without my important people around me
when I read the news about the resent recent big earthquake in New Zealand every one morning and think thought about one 19-years-old Japanese boy who studies there like me and  who all of sudden got into an incident and had to be cut which required the amputation of his right foot,. I can't find any words to say for such a tragedy
Of course he is not the only victims that was involved in this calamity;, but also a lot of people died because of it as well
But still I feel so sad about him, because he is so young and probably can't probably play anymore soccer anymore with his team which he captained at his high school
I don't know for what on purpose I was born and live as Japanese what my purpose for being born and living as a Japanese is and have no idea when I might die, but after I read his comment on the news Interview, I thought  knew that I have had to express my gratitude for living healthy healthily every day. , after I read his comment on the news Interview."
Most Japanese people like Ramen Noodle Soup
I recommend two Ramen Houses near Enoshima
First of all, I will describe Enoshima. (Also, the correct spelling is \"explain
Enoshima is centered along the coast of Sagami Bay
The region alonge the coast is called Shonan
Shonan beach is the most popular in Japan
Getting back to my main subject, I recommend two Ramen Houses
The Master of Taishoken is called the God of Ramen
A One kind of recommended ramen is TSUKEMEN
There are SHIROMARU, which is white in color and AKAMARU, which is red in color
I would recommend the SHIROMARU ramen
If you visit Enoshima, you should definitely go."
I found out that what you want is what you enjoyed it in your childhood
Why am I doing a designer now
That sure brings out a memory
When I was a schoolboy,I often drew cartoons on my many schoolbooks
I liked to drawing a pictures
One day when I was a six year-old boy , I was drawing a picture of a candy store that was in front of my house.(Or did you mean,\"I was drawing a picture near a candy store in front of my house
I gave the store owner my picture 
My picture had been displayed there until the store closed down
I could will never see myself as a designer
Probably,that picture made me what I am
I'II contemplate my future by looking at my album
It was the state that I was on a rooftop of a school with my brother
I caught a small light
At that instant the UFO came above my head
And, the UFO have increased in number
I like UFOs that look like they're(they are) from a Steven Spielberg movie
But, I was actually scared to meet this UFO
Although I woke up, I had clearly remembered the situation
I wanted to talk to someone
He was at a peace of mind,and it angered me a little
For some reason or another, I watched a newsclip on the web this evening
This is frightening news
I read a report is written by a web designer on the web
They are Time , Money ,and Quality
But, it's difficult to balance the three elements with each other
I work freelance
I watched the movie entitled \"The Social Network
This story is about a man of success
When he was a student
He made \"Facebook\" , a community service on web
The more Facebook grow, The more problems about human relations arise
So, he got a lot of money and big power
But, he didn't get the girl he loved
When he requested for her friend`s approval,there was no response
I think that even if humans get success, he may be empty without love."
Today,I had a date with my best friend in college
We met at 12:00 in Taipei Main Station, then we had lunch in a restaurant called \"Momo paradise\", which is a Sukiyaki restaurant served as all-you-can-eat restaurant. 
The beef and pork all were very fresh and soft, we  used to immersed the sliced meat into the liquefied egg then boiled it instantly
It was really tasty. that I will visit the restaurant next time  I'm looking foward in going again and introducing it to my friends."
I was caught in a rainshower
Today I brought an umbrella with me because I knew it was going to rain today. I heard it from the weather forecast
But as usual, I forgot to bring it into my office building
It is a little far from the parking lot
I was in a hurry because I have to pick up my kids at nursery on time
So I had to get out from the building without anything that was covering me
I was caught in a rainshower though I wore a new clothes
I always like my character that I don`t worry about things so much
But sometimes like today, I regret my carelessness
The Influence of Mickey Mouse
Do you know the TV program Mickey Mouse Club House? [Have you ever heard about the TV program ...] (just another way of saying it
Of course, my son and my daughter are not no the exception
They answer to Mickey's questions, but they never answer to me
I feel a kind of jealous at Micky
I accept the situation, and I'm crazy about Lang-8 beside them
A Sorgasbord Restaurant
We went to a smorgasbord restaurant
Thinking of smorgasbord restaurants, you may imagine the one whose dishes are not so delicious and cheep (in Japan), but they serve delicious food and it is neither cheep nor too expensive
That is a right restaurant when the common people like me want to be a bit extravagant
But because I am a forgetable person who always forget, I forgot that my kids being constantly are always on the move
They were very busy getting for foods
They moved back and forth many times
I had to watched them not to spill the juice and the food
What a restless time it was
Now I'm finally relaxed while they are having a nap
Husband won't eat dinner in the house today
My husband called me and said that he doesn't need to eat dinner in the house today
He is going to eat outside with his colleagues
I said that I wish I could eat with him
But after I hung up the phone, I said \"Yes
Of course if I eat dinner with him, it would be more enjoyable
But as you know, it is much easier to cook only for my children
Children don't care about the number of the dishes
The simplest recipe, Ramen, is always welcomed by them
So, I don't have to cook today
I love you, my husband
Today I joined my daughter's school trip. [Today I went with my daughter on her school trip.] [Today I chaperoned on my daughter's school trip
It was sunny and perfect for a trip
We went to the zoo by bus. [We rode a bus to the zoo
The zoo is was on the way to a mountain, it was so tiring
We had to walk up and down all over the zoo to see the animals
We parents were all exhausted but our children still had a lot of energy left even on the bus ride back
Where does their energy come from? Their bodies are so small!"
I have lived in the United States for more than one and a half years
I often feel lonely because I'm shy
I feel too shy to talk to people because of my English
I do not know where to find ping-pong clubs
At tennis clubs everybody has a partner
It's too hard to find people by interest through the internet in my region (Portland, ME). 
It would be very nice to find a friend near here who'd like to study Russian
Those are my sad thoughts..."
Our house - is the planet Earth
We ordinary people cannot deal with global problems of ecology of the surrounding world, but each of us can make a small contribution to something to improve the world around us
Each of us can put plant at least one tree in his life
We can walk or ride our bike for short distances from our houses
Today a student in my class wrote like this: \"I have many homework
After that, an ALT teacher told me that the former sentence was not wrong
My 3 year old son had his hair cut at a barber shop this morning. 'Barber' is a person, 'Barber Shop' is the place; if you want to use 'barber', you would say '...had his hair cut by a barber
He has ever had his hair cut at the barber shop before, but at that time he 
When the barber was wrapping the cape around his shoulders, he
said \"Mama～, don't leave me alone!\" in a small voice
Soon his eyes began to be filled with tears and they dropped onto the cape
To stop him from crying, an idea hit on me
There was a cake shop near the barber, so I promised that I would buy
some cakes for him, if he didn't cry
I asked him which kind of cake he wanted, chocolate or strawberry
He answered, \"a chocolate one
He followed the barber's instructions and he 
As he sat by himself, the cut fee was only 800 yen
After that, I left home for my school to record my students' test scores 
We have to make students' evaluations three times a year
Today, my husband went to another school because some schools have the matches there
He will probably come back home around 3
After that, I have to go to Takarazuka station to meet my basketball club students
So I pick them up at the halfway between the teacher's house and our school
In fact, we had to go to the match together, but he said I didn't need to go there because I have a little child
Anyway, I could do nothing except for care for my son and cleaning my house
That was boaring weekend～～
I teach at a junior high and there aren't any air-conditioners except for the teachers' room. (I made 'are not' into a conjunction because it flows better as if you were a fluent speaker
Besides, we have school lunch in such a terrible classroom
I am always sweating heavily and at the end of the day, my shirt is sticking to my body from sweat. ('Perspiration' is fine but a fluent speaker would rather use 'sweat' for a more \"fluent\" speaker norm. Perspiration could be used for comical effect e.g. \"I perspired all over my shirt
The government should install air-conditoners at first before installing internet, smart boards, and big screen televisions. (Don't forget it's 'Terebi' because you guys don't have 'L
internet ( including the electric boards, the big screen terevision )equipment."
who wear a halloween costume like a black cat, a witch, or a jack o' 
My son is also going to go there wearing afunny costume."
Because I had the flu last week, my mother cooked sushi for my family and 
We put cooked vinegar rice on a piece of seaweed, then put the materials ingredients you like on it and roll it up. ((We use ingredients when we talk about food and cooking. Material is used for physical labor like building a house or creating an origami.)) 
Temaki-zushi\" is a type of sushi which each person makes sushi 
Prepare a bowl of cooked rice and materials like salmon, 
hand-sized seaweed. Then add rice with your favorite ingredients
and roll it up by oneself
preparation is very easy, and everyone can enjoy making and eating 
A Chirashi Zushi\" is a big sushi served in a bowl, with sushi ingredients 
When you have little appetite you can eat sushi, because the vinegar 
rice is taste at all. This sentence does not make sense to me. I'm also unsure of what this is meant to say? perhaps your saying \"Because the vinegar rice is very tasty
How can I say the last sentence \"because the vinegar rice is taste at all\"(\"すめし（酢飯＝vinegar rice）は、さっぱりした味だからです\" ) in English?I think you mean \"rice vinegar\" not \"vinegar rice\". It is vinegar made from rice, correct?I don't understand \"because the vinegar rice is taste at all.\"&nbsp; Are you saying that the rice vinegar makes the sushi palatable (easy to eat)?&nbsp; 
Does it make sense???"
Last night, the father of a female student called our school
The female student has decided to retire from the basket ball club for various (or \"The female student has decided to quit the basket ball club.\" <- When you say 'retire from [something]', it is usually for a job. But in the case of a club, 'quit' is more common
Our team is one of the strongest teams in Hyogo pre., but 
her level is lower than the other students' levels and she is seldom chosen as a (or \"Her level is lower than that of the other students
Last year, she bullied another girl student on the basket ball team. (You don't have to keep saying student here
The father of the bully came to school to apologize to the student and 
her parents in the principal's office
However, the girl who was bullied retired from (quit) the team at that time and 
This time the bully told me that she wanted to retire from the team (too
One of the reasons is that her level and other students' levels are too 
Four other members had started to play basketball when they 
But, she did not
The second reason is that she can't get along with her  teammates
This is because of her father
Her father has interfered in every 
For example, he uses public transportation when going 
Our city is in the suburbs and it is difficult to travel 
null,null,"I took a paid day off work today, too.(The \"too\" is a little confusing to me by itself. Now if you want to say in addition to the other days off you took) I took another paid day off work today
null,null
null,null,"I had already taken 5 days off since last Wednesday because of the swine
null,null,"flu and I was feeling much better, so I thought I could go to work today
null,null
null,null,"I couldn't speak with my voice at all!!! ((It is perfectly fine to just say \"I couldn't speak at all
null,null,"This symptom didn't change this morning either. ((Alternative sentence)) By morning there was no change in my condition
null,null,"I am a school teacher, and I can't do my lessons without speaking
null,null,"So I decided to stay home today
null,"After calling to my school to tell them about my absent, I noticed that tomorrow is the national holiday, \"Culture Day
null,null
null,null,"It seems to be a long holiday...((Not exactly sure how to correct this one to keep your meaning. I want to say:)) It is going to be a long holiday..."
A murderer has been arrested
The murderer of a British English teacher has been arrested today after  being on the run for more than two years
than two years' run Today
The photo was  released to the public and some witnesses called the 
I think that the  plastic surgeons who did the&nbsp; surgery&nbsp; should be criticized&nbsp; because
they  tried to help the murderer&nbsp; escape
It is not the typical bread we eat in (although \"in\" works here, the word \"during\" sounds more natural) Christmas, Panettone is my dog's name, he's an one year old boy-male dog. And, even though we have another five dogs and I love all of them, he's my favorite one ^^ 
Well, maybe because I saw him growing up without a mommy. I used to sing for him and we used to run many kilometers under the blue sky or the cold rain. I take care of him when he's ill, when I'm crying he seems to know what happens to me and stay with me whining so cutely ^^ I really love him
Sadly since the university started I don't have enough time to stay with him
He's with the other ones (ones = dogs?) living in the country, and I'm here in the city alone
This year I've started to study ballet. It's known that you only can learn to dance ballet when you are a child, or at least that was I always thought, but I was lucky to have the chance
It was embarrassing at first because I was the oldest girl there, but with time I've learned to enjoy it 
Our teacher always says \"I will never allow my students to be less than me. You have to become at least as good as me.\" 
This month he wants our us to debut as a ballet company, not only as a academy, so we are doing to do a show with other academies from Peru, Chile and Argentina
We are doing \"Coppelia\", even if though we are not professional dancers. We are adding a little bit of fun to the original play is and it is going it great
My vacation days are nearly over, so I thought it was a good time to get some wind
I went to my parent's farm and from the third floor of our home I enjoyed the whole day feeling the wind and watching the far ocean. I was thrilled until the day ended, it had been so wonderful that I didn't want my day to finish
I eat ate there, I heard listened to some music there, I read some of my favorites fics (fiction books?) there and I had a lot of fun alone. I like to be alone most of the time, judging (? judging what?) I have a sister. She wouldn't like to stay the whole day under out in the sun. anyway, I know 
It seems that when you're enjoying yourself as much as possible the most you're able to, the time passes too quickly; well, that's how I felt it, anyway
After all, The night was wonderful, too; there weren't too much many stars to see as is usual, but the moon was shining and I could see the city
made me feel worried again, thinking of that the next day I had would have to came back and do the things I'm used to, to come back to the routine
It has been too long since I wrote an entry here
A university student's life never seemed this hard (_ 
It's not I'm complaining about it, I mean, I know that things are not always so easy, but still... (Is this what you meant
homework is drive me crazy
I came here, to the city, only for educational reasons, and I used to go to the farm every weekend to visit my parents, my pets, and the another animals ^^ I had a lot of fun
But ultimately I haven't gone to the farm recently, that makes me a little sad, it's really a beautiful place, that's why I talk a lot about it 
To take some rest and to improve my English too
really, I haven't been studying it. So I hope you can help me
Here, in my country it is supossed to be summer, and, yeah, it is very hot most of the times
but these days, it's been only raining, and it isn't a summer rain; it isn't normal
My city is situated near the sea. Therefore, when it rains, the sea becomes dangerous, and for fishermen, it is so difficult. <What is difficult? That is unclear
Well, I don't live so near the beach, not now 'cause I study in the city but I have friends living near there, and the fact that something could happen to them makes me feel fear
Now it is rainig too, I can't go out 'cause it is a little imposible to see the streets 'cause of the fog
Maybe it is a really Global Warming; we can't play with the earth anymore
It has been a time ago Some time ago, I was shocked for bythe announcement of Yumiko's retirement
on in September this year
what happened
U it's so sad, I would be peaceful fine if Yumiko was the one who wanted to retire; may be, I tought, she wanted a rest and if she wants a rest because of her happiness, I will would be happy too
she is so talented; a great voice, good dancing a great dancer, excellent acting, an excellent actress why
Now Chika san (Mizu Natsuki), her retirement annoucement was so strange, I mean, normally when someone is retiring the company has all ready (I think you mean ... is ready) to use the new as a kind of publicity for the show; but this time nobody, neither Chika san knows nothing anything about the show; and it has been was announced 9 months before; the normal thing is 6 months ago
all those things don't let me sleep, All of this keeps me from sleeping yeah I know, it's kind of silly 
but, what should can I do
Actually there is a contest in a LJ community for Mizu&Yumiko, about fics and fanarts, and the prizes look wonderful
Nothing easy but nothing impossible either ^^ The contest ends on February 16th and I don't have written any word T-T, it's not my fault, there have been tons of political problems in my university that have affected us a lot
I wanna, at least participate with something, but I'd rather have something good
As you know, everybody has experienced to have conflicts with others, at home, at school, at work, and so on
Now I'd like to tell you some tips for handling these conflicts
Communication should be like playing catch, both ways, not just one way
If you are too stubborn and never change your opinion or never compromise, it will cause difficulty for you and others
We want to avoid conflicts but that's not always possible, so we should keep these tips in our minds and try to keep good relationships with others even when we are in conflict."
I am very shy and cowardly
When I was a high school student, I studied English very hard
but I couldn't get a good grade in English
So I don't have any confidence in my English
But recently, I thought of continuing my study in English once more
because I want to go on a trip abroad
If you check this daily, you have irritation. You may be irritated by correcting the mistakes in this entry
Now I wrote am writing this daily entry with the help of a dictionary
I want to you to check my daily, have you generously. (?)"
My boss was transferred to Tokyo starting next month
To tell the truth, he is hard to deal with him
I was confused every day
So when I heard this news, I was (secretly) very glad in my mind."
last weekend I had a friend in made a friend on (?) this site
He is from Singapore
He is studying in Japanese
We are helping study each other study
It is very convenient, because if you use MSN chat, we can talk
Because if you use this msn chat, we can talking
the other party all over the to each other anywhere in world
Shall we talking together for me?"
Today I'm thinking about my knowledge of English
I don't know how to study in English
Well I have no words to use in conversation
So when I want to communicate something, I can't tell you
cause I only know a few words, very very easy words
this is Yuzu
i made some friends on Lang-8
when i was introducing in myself, i said i am very shy
i am not very good at speaking when I meet someone for the first time. in speak the first meeting
but i can communicate without any problems on this site
maybe it's because i can't see who i am talking to the other party
So maybe I can continue this
someday i want to make friends
not on this site, real friends
I stayed in this house for 2 years
This town is very good to live in
So I don't think I'll have any difficulties
But I want to enjoy my next home and life."
I helped my teacher to fill in a form in the morning
I worked on a program in the afternoon
I hope it can help everyone to study NCE
How can I learn English to fast?"
I make an exercise for myself
I try to change the declarative sentence to the interrogative sentence
Who do you often see in the street? whose= 谁的
What has he
Who is sitting on the desk now
What colour  are the leaves you see on the tree
Where do you see the leaves
What can you see on the tree
What is Tim running back for
How did Tim get back to get the black hat and the red bag
I don't know if they are right or wrong
Could you help me, please
because it is like old downtown Tokyo
but if I go through a small street then it still keeps the old typical atmosphere
I saw something strange thing which I have had never seen before
There This resident subscribes a few kind of newspapers, though he often goes on a business trips for a couple of days
However... Despite all these
other news vendors is  going too far, don't you think
When I want to see something thatsyours, I will tell you \"Let me see it
I understand that
but, why do native speakers say \"let me see\" when they want to have thinking time?     ( The most natural way of saying this is to combine this sentence with the one above 
The only difference between both sentences is \"it.\""
I have been busy this past month so I couldn't come here
I'm going to continue writing sentences and diary entries again starting today
1) The older we are, the more we gradually lose our interest in things
We come to take things around us for granted and to do avoid thinking it over
3) We have increased our knowledge to include a wide variety of things, and yet we don't know ourselves well
And we have made surprising things in short periods of time using that knowledge
4) I believe that there is nothing more enjoyable in life than travel
However I'm afraid few people can enjoy a trip to it's fullest because it takes time and costs money
5) Nothing is more annoying than when you are woken up by a phone call at early morning or midnight, just to find out it was the wrong number. ( Is this what you meant? )"
It is said that Japanese people can't make sense out of certain kinds of jokes and I also can't
A cell phone is no doubt useful
However, at same time, there are problems about how to use it safely
Some people talk loudly without thinking. Those people are a nuisance to the people around them. In addition, some dangerous drivers hold a cell phone in one hand and the steering wheel in the other
In Japan, it is often said that theEnglish language is particularlycut out for logical thinking and discussion.Ok, you can say \"cut out\"... but it sounds a little unnatural to me by itself. I would add an adverb. Usually you will find it in the phrases \"work cut out for\" (he has his work cut out for him) or \"not cut out for\" (He is not cut out for climbing a mountain
And please tell me how and why English has become worldwide\/global language."
1) Because he was not in Japan for quite a long time, it seemed like he was interested in everything what he saw and heard
2) No matter how annoying he is, he never changed his expression because he was quite calm. [Were you referring two different people here
However, the words I completely remember are contained in a collection of essays which I picked up casually in a secondhand book store when I was a junior high school student in our third grade
4) Although there's no need to imitate the ideas of others, to live happily and peacefully, we have to consider what they think and what they want."
1) She has a small appetite and eats no more than a half bowl of rice even for dinner
2) The new apartment house which I moved is three times the size of former one, but the transportation is inconvenience
3) Considering this heavy traffic jam, it will take twice the time than usual to get there
4) This personal computer is very convenient to carry because it is the same size with as a weekly magazine. 
5) It is said that he is a difficult person, but you will realize unexpectedly that he is a frank person when you talk to him. (-----> It is said that he is a difficult person, but you will be surprised to find him a frank person when you talk to him)."
1)  The amount of world population is increasing. [or \"The population of the world has been increasing
That is why a food shortage is arose in several countries. [or \"That is why there is a shortage of food in several countries
2)  Many young people have been reluctant to study science and technology since the 1980's
3)  I managed to get on the 3 o'clock express
If we have missed the express, we could not get back within the day
4)  I heard if you get sick butcan tell precisely your disease symptoms when you go abroad, you have perfect language ability. [or \"...go abroad, you perfected the ability to use their language
5)  You'll find out how uncomfortableit would be without language if you go abroad where your language can not pass
※)　I couldn't express my idea enough about my 5th sentence in English
However, he turned me　down 
I was embarrassed because I felt as if he said that don't I should not treat him like an old person. OR (I was embarrassed because I felt as if he said : \"Don't treat me like an old person. \")"
1 Next April, I will be a university student
2  Phenomena such as rapid falling birthrate and streching life expectancy cause many problems. [Since you are referring to things (birthrate and life expectancy), \"phenomenon\" should be plural
3  The  Japanese professor who lectures on history of England visits England at least once a year
4  Today, e-mail becomes estalished among many people as a tool of communication
5 A mother can make her son sit at his desk
but it's up to him if he will study
6  Japanese people express their feelings as indirectly as they can so as not to make other people feel bad
7  Language, which only human beings have but animals don't, is a splendid tool to communicate
8  My father, who was a worker of a trading company, often says \"you should learn one more anything language but (or \"except\") English.\" 
9  I'm supposed to correct my essay and submit it by tomorrow by 8 a.m."
It is a serious problem that the number of children who are considering is closed in on suicide is increasing because of being bullied
At The least we should do is teach basic rules to our children. These rules include things such as we must not bully a weak person and should have compassion for other to people, if we do not having a means of preventing bullying immediately
1) Compared to 10 years ago, trees and plants havegrown quite a lot
And rivers have also become much cleaner
2) We finallymanaged to reach an agreement but it took moretriesthan we expected
3) Japanese students watch twice times as much TVs than the other developed countries
In contrast, Japanese studentsread twice as many (?)books than the other developed countries
4) Recently, it seems that quite a few young people have a cell phones.   The topic says that there is more than one young person, so phone would have to be plural
However, nothing is more annoying thanit ringing in class and distracting teachers
5) Smoking is harmful for your health and surrounding people's
Even if you become anadult, you shouldn't smoke
6) No matter how much English vocabulary you have,if you don't know how to use it properly, you can't tell how you feel
Practice 7 for Essay Exam in English (60-70 words
Because of the rising temperature, a cold climatic zone is shifted from south to north in the Northern Hemisphere
That phenomenon causes damage to farm products which are grown in cold climatic area
Decreasing the amount of CO2 which is the cause of global warming is an urgent business.(65 words)"
1  The number of traffic accidents is increasing
You cannot drive too carefully. (--->Driving can never be safe
2  In Europe, it is common for people taking as long as one month for things that take a vacation for a month
But even if Japanese people have the such a long vocation. I think there is no one who can use the vacation productively efficiently 
3  Once you get into a bad habit, you need a lot of time and effort to take back former habit.correct it. 
4  In recent life-style, it is easy to get stress for everyone.(----->Modern life style makes everyone getting stress easily
You should relieve your stress by such as getting having some exercises, listening a to music, and or spending time in nature
6  In case of opperating operating a computer, at first, you should select a chair that is adjustable and confortable comfortable. 
7  We are often surprised by people from other countries on their knowledge on Japan and feel that we are very how ignorant about our country when we are asked about Japan
8  I have kept a diary since I retired from the company which I worked for many years and started to work as a part-time worker
Because I'm uneasy in case thinking that I might forget how I have lived."
Next February, I will take an Essay Exam in English as an entrance examination for AIU(Akita* International University
That university is highly-ranked
To pass the examination, I need to study [or \"am now studying\"] English hard but I still can't write an essay in English without grammar books
What should I do to prepare for it by next February
Is there any good idea
and i wondered why the blanck of \"school and address\" is very small
does that means even only the city is ok for the address
I am a certificate holder conducted by the Red Cross ?? A Red Cross training certificate holder or something like that. I really can't phrase it well. ww
I passed the basic course conducted by the Red Cross~~ This sounds much better."
It's the last time I'm posting new vocabulary which I'm not sure how to use
Thank you everyone who corrected me =)) I studied about 50 words here though I'm not sure (if) I got everything :D
To be honest, super models in the world are all skin and bone. (in French : \"n'avoir que la peau et les os
The big-looking man cleared his throat before he started talking
He has a green thumb, so television station covered his gardening on TV. (in French : \"avoir la main verte\")"
The most fun and enjoyable day of this week was today
Before, because I wasn't used to taking a bus by myself, I was a bit too lazy to go out
Especially, to get to San Francisco, it was too far for me
Just after I got off my bus in downtown SF, I already felt hungry even though I had breakfast at home
It was a sweet one
Since I came to America, I'd like to do some exercises like Yoga, and jogging
Then I found good stuffs with reasonable prices
It wasn't as far as I thought
I got some bread and a hot chocolate at Starbucks and walked towards the bay
He told me that there is a more famous bridge called the Golden Gate bridge which is red and I often see it on the pictures
My coworker was absent from his part time job today
He seemed to have a gastroenteritis =( 
Do you know what is the main cause usually 
So I worked today instead of him. So I covered for him. What you wrote is correct. I just want to show you an expression that means the same. 
I was free the whole day and my plan for traveling was spoiled
It seemed a nice timing~ bad timing
I hope he gets better soon 
There are nothing more important things than good health :)"
Today I watched a DVD called P.S
This was the second time for me
Actually, I was gonna go on a trip today
but unfortunately my flight was canceled because of typhoon as you know
As I finished watching the DVD, I got a phone call from a travel agency
I knew that almost all flight tickets were already booked, therefore I don't know if i can fly on another day or not
It still brought more and more tears to me  
What my husband said in his last letter is still in my mind
 I am a part of your life \"; \" don't be afraid of your new life \" 
So anyways I thought this situation i have faced is just a part of life(?) 
I am collecting collect myself and hope to visit Taiwa---n as soon as possible ♪"
Recently, I found out about cafes which catered for English conversation
I searched on the internet. There were several types of cafes, for example: chatting over coffee at a community center or office, or chatting at a bar.It seems to be the tables are divided by their language levels
Of course, it costs a bit more than usual cafes, but the idea of similar people gathering together and learning English by the casual way seems quite fun to me
I was better at penmanship when I was in junior highschool. I was taught by my dad and grandma
I got prizes, too. This is correct, but \"received\" sounds more appropriate
But, after seeing such a penmanship like today, I become to felt like doing Syuji
I'm sure that this can make our handwriting much better, so that I want to learn it again, and so do my children in the future. \"...and I want my future children to learn this as well.\" I am not exactly sure what you mean here
Last week, I had a full weekend off, Saturday and Sunday
I was going to go to San Francisco, but I thought that I didn't know about the town I'm living in at all yet, so I decided to wander around my city, Redwood
First I searched on the internet and found that there was a Salsa Festival downtown
When I arrived there, I heard music and saw many small shops on the street.(Maybe the small shops were \"stalls
There was also a food market which sold fresh vegetables, bread and so on
I bought some sugar butter bread at a shop
The shop seemed like a French bakery because there were tip bags in front of the window, which said \" Merci
I like France very much so I felt happy that I got lunch there
The Salsa Festival was fun
Some groups were onstage and played music
It was a really fun time
I felt like dancing, too, even though I don't know how to salsa
That's because customers are reading a lot of books there and there are even chairs set out for the people
Also the book store I went today was very big and had a cafe inside
I can't believe it --- 
I got a ticket after sticking it out 
I was trying to book a flight ticket for Taiwan since my flight had been canceled by a crazy typhoon a few days ago
However it was almost impossible because even if I called various travel agencies a LOT, they said that almost all of the tickets were already booked
Especially, a return tickets were sold out; but luckily, I found only one seat which was still available 
I really couldn't believe it and so I asked the person two times\/twice
is there really still one seat left !? With \"really\", you sound more incredulous (or in disbelief
Moreover, one of the another agencies suggested to me to reserve the cheapest business class ticket which costs about 50000 yen 
In conclusion, the price I finally booked iiiiis about 30000 yen :)) !!! How did you slash off 20000 yen? 
I'm so happy with  about this Miracle ★★★"
I had a guidance for my new part-time job today. guidance? you mean... a guidance talk? or guidance session
It was scheduled to be 6 p.m. I was informed\/asked\/instructed\/told to wear a business suit. though i can understand what you're trying to say, but \"directed\" is a bit weird to use it here. Its more natural to say \"I directed the old man the way to the restaurant\" like.. there is an act of showing direction
But I didn't have a summer shirt, so I needed to buy a new one
I went to shop with my mom before I headed out
I could find it soon :) I found it soon. (Not so sure on this
After shopping, I changed my clothes into my suit and then, i realized I had left my stockings at home on this particular day 
So I had to buy a pair of stockings, too ! like, a pair of shoes, a pair of trousers, a pair of spectacles. These words never exist alone
I had just bought a number of them recently 
However I noticed the time I supposed to catch a train was too late !!! I think you can say  \"Then, I realized I have missed my train!!!\" \/\"Then, I realized I was already late for my train!!\" 
I thought in my heart omg..... hahaha
I couldn't attend the guidance. I wasn't able to attend the guidance
I couldn't believe how I was misunderstood
I was shocked at my carelessness
New Words (title, capitalized
I'll keep up with my study today, too
The baby finally rose to his\/her feet
I want to stand on my own feet after graduation. (\"wanna\" is spoken language
I went to the beauty salon for having a hair cut
Though I wanted to have my hair permed, I didn't have much time, so I just dressed my hair style
I've been a customer of the shop since I was a high school student, [CROSS OUT]so[\/CROSS OUT] because I like the atmosphere and their services in this shop
Recently, I got along well with some staff who are of the same age as mine
Sometime before, they happily came to my restaurant to eat, where I've worked at as a part-time
So today, we were talking a lot again and I was having a fun with them :] I will be permed next time 
Yesterday (March, 16
Yesterday
I went to school, as usual, and then I came home
Then, I went to bed. The next morning, I awoke to drink coffee with my family
Now, I'm going to visit my uncle. 
I wish for you to have a happy day. ♥"
I like books.^0^ << or 'reading
Today, My friend gave me a book. \/ Today, my friend gave me a book entitled 'A THOUSAND SPLENDID SUNS
A few days ago, I read a book named <골목에서 서울찾기
I bought the book in online
It contains a lot of good \/ useful information
I have a friend gave me will be reading 'A THOUSAND SPLENDID SUNS'. << You don't have to say this again because you said it already in the beginning
My friend said to the story is very sad
I'm wondering about what this book is about
Please recommend your a book that you have read it
cup' in onTV now
But I'm studying for a test
I want to go there with my friend too
The time was passed too much. Time has passed by quickly. Or: Too much time has passed by
I have to study continue continuously
Please tell me how beautiful the opening ceremony was were beautiful
Weather is a very good day, an excursion with friends in Insadong. The weather is very good today, so I went with some friends to Insadong
2 hours riding the subway 'Jonggak' came from. After riding the subway for 2 hours, the sign \"Jonggak\" appeared
Let's walk a few minutes Jonggak 'SSAMZIEGIL' appeared.After a few minutes walking SSAMZIEGIL (is it 쌈지길?) appeared
People really were. There were really a lot of people
Went through the crowds 'SSAMZIEGIL'. We went through the crowds to enter \"SSAMZIEGIL
ㅁShape is built terraced building. The building is ㅁ shaped with a terrace.Good idea to use \"ㅁ\" ^^. Only we can do that because we have installed 한글 on our computers
The restaurant in the building that was selling various handicrafts
I really want to buy some of them \/ something, but theyI could not buy too expensive things
Geurisi caricatures of people and the foreigners were impressed.What is \"Geurisi
The place where I was taking pictures with my friends back to Incheon and ate 'together icing'.Do you mean you ate somekind of friendship ice cream? We have it in my place. It's a big bowl ofice you can't finish alone and have to eat together
Becausemany people and Iwas were hungry deopgi ???also ate ice icing
Insadong is the old remains of something thatimaginative was a really nice place, you can imagine
Insa-dong is one ofKorea's proud attractions. That's true, I have seen 인사동. I watched how they made rice cookies with a big hammer ^_^."
Today is a joyful day
I received 3 messages from friends in lang-8
A Japanese said talked about the food of the Japan
I have often eaten the sushi
And then, a Singaporean said talked about food, and a festival of the country
Famous food of a Singaporean people is chicken, rice and various crab food
I really wonder what is chicken rice is 
Later, If ifI go to Singapore, I will surely will eat to Chicken rice
A guy from the Netherlands Netherlander said \"Thank you!\" because I added him as my friend. 'Nederland' is the word in theDutch language for somebody living inthe Netherlands. The word \"Netherlander\" does not exist 
Thanks to them, I am really happy today
I hope that I become good friends with them
Full Concentration!! ★ (What did you want to say in Korean
I ate dinner at the school and then I did self-study at night
I studied from 6:20 p.m until 9:00 p.m
I usually have a lot of sleep. < But to make a connection with the next sentence, it would be better to change to 'I would usually feel sleepy during that time
But that night, I concentrated very well. < or 'was in full concentration
I studied on Literature and English
The test is on June 28
I have to study 13 subjects.ㅠ-ㅠ < or revise on
I am so tired but studying is my responsibility
I will study hard to raise my grades. < or improve
I received a sign that summer is comming soon
It is difficultto sit ona chair
because its too hot to move
Fortunately, my schoolisair conditioned
I want to eat ice and to drink cool water at my house, 
because the refrigerator in my house broke down
I opened all windows in my house andI amwatching TV now
I feel the hot air around me disappear when I watch a World Cup game on TV
I want fall to come quickly. 
Nowadays, I'm busy.ㅠㅠ
I have to study because I'll become 3rd grade in high school this year
A few days ago, I received a prize at school grounds essay contest.:) I do not understand what you mean with 'grounds'. Is it 지리학
At that time, I was really happy
I have a friend who exchanging (presents?) with her Japanese friend
They send things to each other by utilizing home-delivery
I envy them \/ I'm envious
I want to send and receive presents with foreign friends
Does it cost much money? \/ Is it expensive..ㅠㅠ
By the way, I should go to my desk for solving math problems.~~:D 
Today, there have been so much rain in Incheon,korea
The sound of rain was good
That time, I thought of the herb that I received from my teacher.[give to someone, and you receive from someone. but you do not give from someone
It is called Apple Mint. < because we are still talking about the same herb
The scent of it is good, refreshing. < or It smells good and refreshing
It was made my mindclear
My mother said that rain is good for planting
I carried the Apple Mint out
I think the Apple Mint looked happy
Size of the Apple Mint is 14cm
But Apple Mintscan grow to30cm
I hope that it grows taller
Played Badminton~ or Badminton Session
I played the badminton during lunch time
I did it with my friend at the gym. >> or I played badminton with my friend at the gym during lunch time
Before this, I did study everyday. this refers to the activity you mentioned in the previous sentence i.e. playing badminton
So, it was very fun! >> or stress-relieving
Although I put on a summer clothes, I still felt so hot. >> or wore
But it didn't matter
Because I enjoyed it a lot. << to show how fun the badminton session was
Also, playing the badminton is good for improving relationship with friend. >> or our friendship
I will play the badminton more often~ ^_^"
I was late at to Academy
12 till 45 at 11:45 and started a league. ごもえん。。。このはわかりませんでした。Do you mean something like \"started late
I could not hear missed 14 minutes of class
I was alarmed scared by the teachers. せんせいはこわいですか。。？
Today, I was surprised at the school. Today, something suprising happened to me at school
My feet slipped on the stairs While while I was heading down the stairs
I was away from support. My feet were not supported any more
I've got just the balance. <I'm not sure, but I think you want to say:> I just could keep the balance
My friend make fun of(...? Did my friends make fun of me or were they just teasing me
Next time I'll attendbe more carefully."
I'm listening to Jack Johnson's \"Banana Pancakes\" (You need an appostrophe here because of possession. Jack Johnson owns the \"Banana Pancakes\" song
I will go to Kobe on business to resolve a customer's technical issue
When I return from my trip to Kobe, I will go to live to listen to the Japanese drum
Ｉ was a big surprise. (A big surprise\/ I was surprised
One of them will be married at end of  May next year. 
Ever since we were kids he has been copying my life
He will get married in Hawaii as I was
I'm gonna go to Karuizawa with my family next weekend. 
I went to Kobe to talk forwith college students
I was very nervous, but I'm happy to explain it well
If I get the chance to talk again, I will. want to talk."
I started using twitter
Now my tweets are in Japanese, but in the near future I wanna tweet in English
I gained more weight this year than last year
I wish I had gone to abroad when I was a college student
Because if I had studied in abroad, I could speak English well by now
Haha
Well, it is a waste of time to dwell on the past
For now I will just have to study English harder in Japan
In Japan the Tobacco Tax Increased from today
The price of Tobacco raised. The price of a pack of 20 cigarettes is between 110 yen and 140 yen in Japan from today
I used to smoke a pack of cigarettes a day.Smoke is past tense, Smoking is present. 
I had read through a book called \"レバレッジ英語勉強法
This book is written about how to learn English
According to this book, the shortest way to learn English is to study one's department thoroughly
I will try to do so right away!"
I felt this movie is that something even adult should see
As an aside, At the moment 3D movies are hot in Japan."
Now it's 5:00AM in Japan
And now, I will fall back to sleep, haha:)"
In Japan ,the number of people doing ASAKATSU is increasing
I woke up at 5.00am to do ASAKATSU
ASAKATSU means to wake in the early morning to do activities ,so you can get more out of the day
I contribute for the first time
I'm a little nervous
I take flower arrangement school twice a month
This week's theme is \"mother'day
In Japan,We sent a carnation for our mothers
I also thought so it too・・・↓"
Before yesterday, I took my family to Uruana, known in my state (GOIÁS - BRASIL) as the land of watermelon
I asked the salesperson man why I could not find watermelons as big here
He replied, that \"Most of the watermelons of good quality are exported to richer states such as Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Brasilia or other countries like Argentina and Uruguay
Yesterday I was thinking about how to improve my english skills, so thought that a good way could be to search people like me that want to exchange knowledge with other people, like we do here in on this site
I started doing a some research in some forums to see who wanted to chat by through skype
surprisingly for me, was to find I found out there were out many people who,like me, had the same thought
So I send a lot of messages for people with my nickname on the skype asking them about to chat and exchange experiences
Many people doesn't didn't respond to me
But then a lot more responded me
Yesterday I talked to many people and some of them, I had was long chats and others ones was I had  short chats
A little bird
There was in a small forest a bird not too big nor too small, he was average-sized
He had a very nice feathers, portage, and he reared his chest each time he sang
Unfortunately, it was difficult to reserve a rugby field this year
I was really glad to play rugby, but my happiness quickly faded soon
Because it was too intense. (Actually, this and the last sentence should be combined: \"I was really glad to play rugby, but my happiness quickly faded because it was too intense.\") 
I just expected light sessions like some cardio drills and passing drills. (You might want to combine the last bits to sound better, \"like some cardio and passing drills\" but it's not incorrect to leave it as is
Moreover, it lasted three and a half hours. (Small numbers (1-9) are usually written out and look better that way, in my opinion
So Crazy. (Perhaps I might suggest a fuller \"It was so crazy.\"? Just \"So crazy\" by itself sounds so very informal, like something you'd say in an SMS or on MSN
Literaly, My body literally can't move today. (You don't need 'literally'; it might be better to omit it, or exchange it for a word like \"seriously\" or \"truly\" because online nowadays the trend is to misuse 'literally' to mean 'figuratively'; I had to look at it twice and I may not be the only one. You can keep it - this is just a precaution
I have a grudge against my coach
Anyway, I'm happy the season started
I can't wait for tomorrow's session!"
Today there is an English test at my university
I am sad about it
I dare say it is a terrible test
I cooked  for myself
It is so delicious 
I'm extremely sleepy because I it's already 6:00 AM and I couldn't fall asleep tonight. (In America AM and PM goes at the end
I have five classes today, and I have to go to college two hours after
I want to make many, many friends and learn English and Chinese
I found out that a firework display was held yesterday in Yokohama
I asked my friends to come to my home because we could see the fireworks through my room's window
They were soooo beautiful
I was very happy that my friends looked like they were enjoying it
I hope I will see fireworks with my boyfriend next year lol."
Heloo! Hello
I had an account of lang8 today. I made a Lang-8 account today
I study hard English English hard everyday to pass the entrance exam
I have started lang-8
I started keeping a journal on lang-8 because I wanted to learn English and Chinese
finally
I want to learn how to spell easy English and Chinese words
this is the end of my first journal entry
This week i have a test
I want to finished my homework, after that i will do a review, it was because i want to handle the test in the same week
It's so close, and i am afraid that i will be confused
Moreover i am most afraid of the content
I will face the proofreading English test, and as you can see, my English grammar
is very poor
It's hard to classify the wrong thing
Our teacher suggested I follow the pattern
But i don't know whether or not it is, correct, based on my knowledge
Can anyone tell me what else i have missed
Also my teacher said that the test will have passive voice and active voice, how can you identify these
I remember it has something to do with tenses
Can anyone give me tips about it?"
My hobby hobbies is are: Climbing, watching movies and to reading books(comic\/mystery\/nonfiction　etc) 
Because I will be involved in a volunteer operation for Technical cooperation
Add to If you help me with this we will be doing a cultural exchange 
Who Can translate for me please？
Dream will not escape
But people do
There were many beautiful rocks so I really enjoyed myself
When I was climbing, I think fear at some times fearful
But When I finished climbing finisy the rock ,I most extremely happy
Every one charge climbing don’t you Climbing is a challenge for everyone, isn't it
This is the first diary for me
This is my first dairy entry here
I think I can start from by introducing myself
I live in Taiwan, located at the East-South of China.** This is grammatically correct, but in English we usually say \"South-East
Taiwan is an island, surrounding beauty surrounded by a beautiful ocean
Of course many famous travel spots are related with to the ocean and beach
For example, Kenting(墾丁) is a famous traveling spot, not also all foreign tourist like it, but also all local residents love it very much
Kenting is a nature landscape, and you can see white sand, swimming people anywhere. and people swimming  everywhere
Any water activity you can think of can be played there, but some cost money
Here My country is really full of delicious food, but I don’t know whether it’s suited for foreigners."
Mayday was formed in from 1997 and they're still very popular in Taiwan
The members of the band composed the team are; a lead singer (Ashin), two guitarists (Monster and Stone), a bassist (Masa) and a drummer (Ming
So why am I so deeply attracted to by them
There answers are many reasons, including their songs and their spirits
Their songs are different with from other band because they it always touches me very much(deeply
The style of songs by they made are various and they it reveals their strengths and genius
The lyrics of the songs are always meaningful, and they reflect the thoughts of teenagers
When I listened to their songs, I laughed, I am excited, encouraged and even cry
Their music is truly nice
However, it’s the touch feel of by the songs rather than the pleasantness of the music that makes Mayday is so fascinating and successful
They will hold a concert in Kaohsiung on December 5th
I’m looking forward that day coming
My hometown is Kaohsiung, located in the south of Taiwan. One side of the city faces the ocean
Kaohsiung is the second biggest city in Taiwan, the first being Taipei
Many years ago, Kaohsiung was an important harbor for trading, a sign of its future prosperity
Kaohsiung has also played a significant role in the development of industry in Taiwan thanks to the factories in its suburbs
Furthermore, there is a national airport in Kaohsiung, so the transportation is convenient if you want to visit it
With the passage of time, there have been some changes in Kaohsiung
The local government made some efforts to expand tourism and increase large-scale constructions
For example, they built a Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) system, a shopping mall, and an arena for World Games 2009
All the residents were proud of the success opportunity to hold a glorious athletic evening event
One of Kaohsiung's best characteristics is the enthusiasm of the local people; we welcome all visitors
In addition, you can find many delicious foods in the night market
If you like nature landscape, you can go to the beach at sunset and watch the sun sinking slowly under the ocean line horizon
I have never leave left my hometown since I was born
It’s a coincidence that every school I have studied in is located in Kaohsiung
Therefore, all the things I have experience and my every period and memory can’t be separated from this place
The older I get, the more beautiful it becomes
Kaohsiung is a developed city and filled with kind people. (The word choice here sounds strange, but I'm not sure what would be better ^^;)"
It makes me have a very runny noise
It even gives me headaches
Whenever I went to see a doctor, he has always said that the allergy symptoms will occur when my resistance is low
Besides, the Allergic reactions are common when the weather changes, especially when the temperature change dramatically
People say that moist air more easily induces allergic reactions than the dry air
Doctors tell me that the best way to cure my allergy is to increase my resistance to cold
I hope I can get rid of my allergy one day, or it will really affect my studying schedule
But the premise is that cats are absent in the surrounding area, because I am severely sensitive cats' fur."
So, I hope all of my friends are enjoying out there while drinking, dancing or whatever
As for me
Anyway, today I wrote a complaint letter to get a refund from the\/a airline
It would be great if you could help me with this
I would like to make a complain regarding the flight we took with your airlines. *when writing formal letter, avoid using short forms. e.g I'm, you're, there's, wasn't etc
We have just returned from Canada however
First of all, because the plane was delayed by 3hours, we missed the local bus services and had to a use taxi which we had to pay extra
made us to pay extra money
Furthermore, in your brochure it was stated that all staff would be friendly and well-qualified. But when we were on board, they did not even smile at all and their every single action was too slow
not smile at all, and their every single action was too slow
Also, I have to inform you that we did not took any meal, because there was no vegetarian food
Therefore, we had to make up with a few candies
get out of this situation with a few candies
Moreover, contrary to your brochure, there were only out-of-date entertainments such as films in the 1980’s there, and we had watched almost all of them
In view of all this we feel we deserved a full refund and a letter of apology
I hope this matter could receive your immediate attention
This weekend I've got a lot of homework from the school
Specifically, Especially, I have to write more than 3 writing tasks things with 120-180 words
And Also, there are several grammar and reading tasks
So, I'm in the process
I've already finished some of them, but theres still lots of work left
It would be great if I could get any correction from you, before I hand out to the school
First of all, I totally agree with your idea to go and see much a lot of music, because in Tokyo there are many places to be able to enjoy music on cheaply. price. 
For example, if you visit clubs houses near my university, you can see many amateur bands playing a wide range of music
Although they are not professional, their level is quite high. Instead of saying 'their level is quite high', a better phrase would be \"they are quite talented
My most favorite one is located near Ueno station, where you’re going to stay
If you get have any extra more (or other) requests, please feel free to let me know
I'm writing the a new article again
Here is a task about casual letter writing
I think it's easier to write than a formal letter because you can improve the vocab in everyday conversation
Thanks for your letter, it was good to hear from you. I enjoyed reading your update
By the way, do you remember the family living next door
They moved to the next town over last month, and the another family has moved in the house. next door.  this sounds more natural
Contrary to the ex- last family, which had 8 members, they are smaller family with only 4 members, including 2 children
Although the new family is also great, I prefer the ex- last family
You know, especially the older couple of the ex- last family were so kind for to me. Every time I went to their house and they were staying at home, and we could sit down and enjoy a conversation with one another. enjoy having a conversation. <--this sounds more natural
Especially the father, he seems to be working all the day on during the weekdays and I have no chance to see him
And also, every weekend they go shopping or something, so I rarely see them on weekends either. <-this helps relate it to the previous sentence, reinforcing their lack of time
The main source was Christchurch, which is located in the South Island, and I'm in the North Island. Although I was fortunately not involved in it , watching the damage on the internet TV, I felt that there was no doubt that it could have happened to me
I would like to comment on the (February 23rd) article (which came out on the 23rd of February) about the work camp in Kirby on 23rd February. (I thought it might be better to put the date closer to 'article', so it isn't associated with the work camp, so I offered two suggestions, but the original sentence is not incorrect
I feel I must point out that much of the information was misleading. (Really good
Firstly, the article stated that there were 30 students, but in fact there were only 15 
Second(ly), you claimed that they spent all summer picking fruit and vegetables
spent only weekday(?) mornings, and had free time on weekends
Third(ly), according to the article, the accommodation was an old tent
However, the actual accommodations were 
In view of all this, the article deserves\/needs to be corrected
you publish a corrected edition
I am bit sleepy because I went to the bed at 2am last night
Anyway, today I’d like to share with you my emails written a few days ago
Usually, you can’t make any corrections after you send an email
Then, So it’s highly possible for you to make same mistakes again and again
So I thought it would be helpful to get correction from you through this site
My roommate is also Korean and they are studying at the University of Auckland. (or you could say just \"studying at Auckland University\" if you don't want to use 'the'. This isn't really a grammar, but I would never say \"University of Auckland\" without 'the
I’m still in Auckland, because for me staying here is kind like of a holiday
I’ve finished university in Tokyo on last September and I’m working for a company there from next April
So, I’ve been here for 4 months and I have 2 months left
When are you coming to back to Auckland
Thank you for contacting me
I think I should have gone abroad when I was younger because I could have gotten wider view. (gotten is a weird word to use in some countries, but here in NZ we use it lots in this situation. Pretty much means \"received
So, if I were you, I would make many foreign friends and visit their countries, as many as possible
Of course, it would be great if you come to Japan in the future
Living in foreign country is sometimes very stressful, as you said, especially with regard to language. (\"about\" doesn't feel right here, but the meaning would still be clear
However, personally, I'm satisfied with the life here and I wish I could extend my stay (I have only 2 more months
Especially when you consider that I have lived with 3 different families, and also with one of my friends here. It has been a very valuable experience
That's because, if you lived in Japan, you have no chance to live with other families
Anyway, let's keep be easy to write email, and please do it anytime you want. (As this sentence is a closing statement, \"Anyway\" is a better way to start it. Has closing\/changing subject connotations.)(In Red: I'm not sure what you're saying here, i think you mean \"let's continue to email\" (note - email can be a verb in informal use), but you could mean \"let's keep easy and keep emailing
Well then, see you next time 
It's my pleasure, thank you for your reply
I'm hoping to write as many articles as possible and would like to use English more fluently
As many of my friends wrote, yesterday was St Valentin's Day
Did you guys enjoyed it
Fortunately, I've got some cookies & chocolates from my friends and girlfriend, so I'm enjoying eating them at the moment
The prize is a free week at a seaside resort of your choice
Then write a letter to the organizer, using all your notes
Seoul with Hiroaki Takeuchi, who is 26 years old, from the 20th to the 30th of next month
Firstly, I would like to know what transportation I could use
I suppose it would be a plane, but I am not sure. 
Finally, it would be great if you could tell me what sports performance I could watch with  the ticket
If I could choose, I would 
I will miss the weekend
This part tests not only your English skills but also your capacity to think
So, this is very tough part for non-native speakers
It would be great if you could correct my English and give me your own answers to these questions
However, I suppose life without electricity was so would be too boring for me
Especially, I would miss the media like TV or internet, because I spend much time on using them
That’s because our life is totally dependent on electricity and I haven’t heard any alternatives before
Although there are other forms of powers, such as gas, they can’t cover the energy which electricity is producing now
Which do you think is the best way to create electricity
That’s a quite a tough question, because no one is sure about this question
That’s because, the amount of fossil fuels is quite limited and it’s not a good choice from the point of view of sustainability
Also, Natural energy can’t cover the demand of for energy for now
Although Nuclear energy has many risks, I believe it’s still the best way presently for now.(try not to repeat the same words in adjacent sentences
For example, if they search try to find out why the rain forest in Amazon has been disappearing, they’ll know several reasons related with economics, politics or whatever
Because, I think if you get extra time thanks to them, you’ll have time to do the other things
For example, if I got a cleaning robot and it allowed me to get one extra hour of free time per week, I would spend the time (on) studying English or something like that in stead of cleaning
I believe movies and dramas are playing an important role
Although learning from text books or museums are also important, watching movies and dramas are more familiar with the younger generation
Personally, I’ve got a lot of knowledge from them, for example I’m a fan of the drama set in the age of civil wars in Japan, and thanks to them I became familiar with the life at that time."
Here is the my second writing homework today
This writing My task is to write a story-making
To be honest, I like to write stories, because in other tasks like reports, you have to follow many rules, but when you write story, you have room to make use of your own imagination
Anyway, it would be great if you could help me to brush-up on this task
With a tense face, Sarah was sitting on the chair in the dentist's waiting room of the dentist
Actually, this was her first time at the dentist's
That was not because she had never had any cavities before, but because she had simply been scared to be here
As she was looking through what might have been a gossip article or something, her name was called by the receptionist
When she entered\/Upon entering the room, the dentist in his 50’s was sitting there with a smiling face
When she was looked around the room, suddenly the boy laid on the next chair started screaming
“Oh my God,” she nearly said that
And then the dentist asked her to open her mouth holding a strange drill\/as he held a strange drill
She wished she could have refused, but she had no choice but to do as he said
And the next moment, the tool was inserted and she didn’t remember anything just after that
There is a sport center called Bell Center that hosts a lot of sport events and festivals
Montreal's ice hockey club, Canadien Montreal, is the best club in the NHL
It has been won the NHL games for 32 times. (This sentence needs correcting, but I don't know enough about hockey to know what it's supposed to say. If I had to guess, this is how I would correct it: It has been the top team in the NHL 32 times
Wow! It is so interesting."
I have been working hard for a long time and I finally succeeded
In China, hoping for their children’s success is generally the parents' wish
3 以前的努力都成了泡影 (白費??)，心里感到空荡荡的。
All the efforts before were in vain and I felt emptyness in the heart
To realize the strengthening of the country with talented people, we must emphasis on the training of talented persons and value them
We can’t ignore that the dialect evolved from the daily life has an effect on supplementing the expressions by mandarin 
There is beginning to have excellent students who (A lot of excellent students is beginning to) directly target for prestige universities outside the country."
I was asked about the cancer drug approval process in the workshop. 
There still are strong objections to the construction of the building, which has been designed by a famous architect
Every candidates in the election for the House of Representatives is encouraged by their supporters
Those who work in a personnel division are tired of looking through students' similar résumés
We have a lot of debt, but our revenue is greatly covering it. {(it=debt) in this case
Though I begged a pharmacy to sell some drugs without a prescription, the negotiation it was useless. {Begging is a one-sided negotiation, therefore it can't really be called a negotiation
Selamat siang,nama saya Nao
Saya suka tugas dan perjalanan
I'm learning English and Indonesian
Belajar bahasa inggris ban bahasa indonesia
I want to make friends in foreign countries
Saya mau membuat teman
Terima kasih.)"
I really need native speakers to help me make progress in English writing
If somebody is interested in learning Chinese, we can help each other."
I retired from my old job when I was 52
Over two years have passed since I have retired
Now, I have much time to do my hobbies
I am looking for friends who talk about hobbies
Thanks."
Today, I decided to study English again
Because my English is too bad before to go to Canada
She has a green thumb. 
After that, I changed my nails
Today I went to the eye doctor's
Actually, I don't have hay fever but rather an allergic disease
It's very hard for me to get through this season!!!"
I visited New York last week on business, and it was my first visit to the U.S. in 7 years
Actually, it was my first visit to N.Y., and it was really exciting
I had dinner in the Wolfgang Steakhouse, located on 54th Street, but the steak was too big to eat...(of course, the taste was great
Luckily, it was not as cold in Manhattan as I expected, but when I visited Poughkeepsie, be 120km northeast of Manhattan, it was really cold
The difference of from \"in respect to\",\"with respect to\" and \"in regard to
The idioms \"in respect to\",\"with respect to\", and \"in regard to\" have similar meaning, but are there any directions for using these words
I am confused with which idiom I should I use in an e-mail
I overslept this morning because I had a little too much to drinkdrank too much yesterday
Last night, we celebrated the 60th birthday of the one of our colleagues
In Japan, the 60th birthday is called \"Kanreki(還暦)\", and whoever becomes Kanreki usually gets some red-colored gifts
We gave him a refd hat and a red golf shirt
When I watched a TV program yesterday, someone on TV was using a phrase \"It's not over till the fat lady sings
Ummmm,it didn't doesn't make sense for to me
I don't know what it means but can I guess it is an idiom or something like that
I found that programming is so tiring, especially mentally."
I found that programming is so tiring, especially mentally."
This is my first lang-8 diary
I live in Kyoto, and it is snowing in Kyoto today
When I got up and opened the curtains, 
I saw a snowy landscape
When I saw today's weather, 
I did't feel like going to the supermarket
I feel the most comfortable in the house, because it is warm
I hope tomorrow will bring good weather
It is hard to go to school when it snows
I want to improve on speaking, hearing, and writing in english
Please point out it if I make a grammar mistake, and I want to help you
My hobbies are movies, travel, music,game and others
Anyway let's enjoy ourselves!!"
I wrote a long event or story in my diary yesterday
I took a look at a lot of people people's profile in this site today
I've notice that some Some people learn up to two languages at once
I suppose that I should try to learn two language at once but I guess I might get myself confuse during the learning process. will confuse
If I were to select a thrid language..... needless to say ...hehehe
umm I can't select one now
What language is it that is widely spoken the most except   beside english??"
Different Cultures
I found a japanese person and he was alone too
We decided on traveling together for a few days
He said \"I want to wear lungi.\" (Lungi is an Indian folk costume
It is like a waistcloth
We looked for Lungi and discovered who sold it
He asked for the price of Lungi and began to beat down
We didn't know the correct price but we assumed that they were more expensive than usual
So we decided that when we bought them we should beat down as much as possible
At first the clerk showed one for about 55 dollars
After 20 minutes,he bought it for 46 dollars
When he negotiated, I thought it was strange that the clerk's child was laughing
He took off his pants and wore the Lungi but soon he was ashamed
He said, \"The wind comes under the Lungi
When we came back to the hotel, the man at the hotel laughed suddenly
We received a favorable smile, and he said \"Yeah
It's Lungi
He said
It's just a tablecloth
he wound the tablecloth which was 46 dollars around his underwear!!!!!!  (This sentence is bit confusing
It was a very high price
My sister invited her boyfriend to my house
My parents don't speak English well
It seemed mother especially had problems as she had said \"I don't know what I should say!!\" all time until he came to our house
When we had dinner, she thought it was his first time using chopsticks
She explained chopsticks to him; \"This is Chupa Chups
My sister and I  roared
Naturally he didn't understand, but she said \"This is Chupa Chups\" many times because she didn't know the reason why he didn't
Maybe I guessed she thought her pronunciation was bad
We would like to solve this misunderstanding, but she said \"Chupa Chups\" was too hard to say
Now I will write my diary in English and Japanese because my friend list includes people who want to learn Japanese
My family is absorbed in American Idol recently, but the season wrapped up one week ago
Now we have to wait until February
It is broadcasted about a month after America
Someday I want to watch it without subtitles
When I was twenty-two years old, I traveled to India alone
Because I wanted to experience that I can feel India nearer closer than a tour
I traveled alone, and althought I didn't speak english well,becouse I am usually think optimistic
I remember my first meal
I was afraid of a lot of things and excited because I was traveleding alone first time
I thought that the Indian people will would try to be deceive me easly so, I must not be underestimate!  ( perhaps saying \" I couldn't let my guard down \" might be better 
I found street stall and was attracted to it
The street stall sold like dessert that it was like orange sauce on marshmallow . ( you can say \" like this dessert \" but this is more like a younger or casual person to use this sort of thing... you can also not use like and say \" some sort of  dessert \" 
I had not ever never seen this food before
I ordered it with gesture. ( I don't know what you are meaning to say '-' 
Instantly I thought he gives gave me a the spoon the reason why because I am japanese
I come to experience indian life so he doesn't didn't need to be sensitive to me. ( I think you are more wanting to say \" treat me special \" or \" going easy on me \"  
And the Indian people looked at me strangely
Everyone had a spoon except me
It is was a good exprience for me
i want to make friends with everyone by heart."
Today,i answered some English question and  i found i couldn't answer about how to talk about the  past and the future 
Because I didn't understand the sentence configuration 
About choose question to me than easily [?] but i don't know how to modify the sentence
eg: The boy will not be late for school again( He said
I don't know how to answer a question!"
today,the weather was very hot
after the morning spent learning English, I went home, and stayed in
In the afternoon ,i didn't go to the sportsground for swimming 
because it was so hot ,i couldn't bear it 
Many children were learning swimming with me
i worried I might kick them , because my legs are the longest of my classmates or contemporaries ！
But,the children liked to pull my legs  as if they were pulling on straws of help 
it made things very difficult for me 
When i learn swimming i can't as swimming as breather [? not sure of the meaning]! so i think I will be learning swimming for a long time!"
In morning i received your sent to present ,how beautiful necklace ,i think this gift is i received the best birthday gift
i will wearing this necklace when i go out with my boyfriend
Last night, my sister and i sat on the bed and talked about her boy friend
i think i will was to break up with him\"she said
he's still like a child [ or, \"He is too immature\" ] !i can't bear it\" she answered
i think you should try to talking to him
but he will never change 
i don't what to do !\" she said and \"his mother and he has abanace ! 
he is blaming it on his mother
i think he shouldn't do that
i always found, a girls are more  mature than boys ! [ yeah, it's true at that age usually 
so ,a girls always wants to have than sheself the bigest age an older boy friend\"i said
actually, a boy loves himself more than his girl friend, including my boy friend\"she told me"
My sister's boyfriend
today ,my sister and i went to swimming ,where we met her boyfriend
Her boy friend looked at a bit thin, he's very tall
He seemed very clean, but his hair was a bit long
I suggested he cut his hair,because the hair long hair makes him look like he has no energy
A boy should look at very sonshin ,i think so ! [? sonshin? Japanese = \"reverence\"? Sunshine? 
I think if i had a boy friend , he could  care for me ,trust me and i need to rely on him 
important we are in love 
I think finding that boy might be difficult
But ,i believe everybody hopes to find their lover 
i think i can look for my lover among the people I meet !"
RM.9,5F,5PAT JINGDU residential TEL13540419119 <-- hey you probably shouldn't tell everyone 
OBJECT:a position as flight attendant with CA company
EDUCATION BACKGROUND
SEPT2009 to SI CHUAN SOUTHWEST COLLEGE OF CIVIL AVIATION
present MAJOR:flight attendant
Main courses include English, Korean，Computers，Etiquette 
JULY 2009 Mianyang Vocational and Technical Schools
PERSONAL INFORMATION female， born in MY on September 2,1992, 
Unmarried health "
Today,i got up [it happened in the past] at six o'clock, because i went to East-New at the first class
The teacher is a young girl and she is from ChengDu
The class content rull [?] word is front ,word is behind and word is root. [it means root words like talk -> talking? Words that go in front and behind other words
She was [it happened in the past] talking quickly and the content was difficult
But I studied very hard 
I hoped [in the past again] I could understand her
But it was impossible and i didn't balance [?] 
She had to spend more time with me than other students else
I understand that and i know my aim 
My English is terrible
I don't know how I should learn English
Who can tell me what I should do to learn English
I feel it's very difficult
In Kuan Zhai lane there is a  Cheng Du, a famous tourist area
Today ,my parents and I visited Kuan Zhai lane
the area is beautiful and it has many vintage  houses 
It's very specially
My favorites  there were bulid stely. 
Let's fled peoples  comfortable ! (?? Did you mean \"fled\"? Fled=run
I  enjoyed the whole day! (You could also say: I enjoyed the entire day!)"
Yesterday,my sister was admitted to Si Chuan university 
My famliy felt very happy for her, they  dream of her being a Sports reporter 
She will be a major news broadcaster in her dreams
of major 
In the afternoon , my sister told me about she is a small sercretly ,that she has a boy friend 
The  news was a surprise to me 
because my sister  eyes is tally ! [huh? tally
At night , we had dinner together to congratulate for her 
I asked my sister  when will I meet my sister's boy friend
She answered me, no chance !"
rainning day
In the morning, the weather was bad and it was still heavey raining heavily until six O'clock
I stayed at home and learned English the whole day. [...ed makes it about the past
But i didn't  understand passive voice,because i don't  know how to correct the wrong sentence or asked the draw line sentence part question! Because for me to learn English feels very difficult
I had some questions but nobody answered me ! [ have = present, had = past 
I am a college student so i can't learn English like middle school students do, because i don't have more time learn English 
I lack a lot of knowledge so i need study knowledge somewhere else!"
My English is terrible and i don't was  want(?) something special. (I am not sure what you wanted to say here
So i discuss with my sister
She can teach me English, how to play the guitar, and company practice my English speech
I think that sounds like a good idea
i can understand the teacher speak but i can't answer questions correct 
Playing the guitar
nearly Recently, I went to play the guitar !! My hand is very painful, my finger and middle finger have ground bloon gone bloody! with To my together friend who is learning with me friend that I to say that her \"playing the guitar is tormenting our fingers\" though ,I fret with difficultly but I always could play a complete song
I nearly fret whilst tired because in the morning I need to learned to play the guitar ,in the afternoon ,I need to learn English ,at the five o'clock to half past six o'clock ,I could learned swimming 
My summer holiday is really enriching！
My mother lets me catch the time to learn English, because in September I will take into the public English test！
So she cannot let me learn to play the guitar! She said to me \"your can study the in less time the fewer study tasks, you must watch your time limit time !"
Lately, China's weather has been very strange
Last week, there was heavy rain almost every day and  a lot of places had floods
My hometown included: last week I never got out at all, because of the heavy rain!Once I went out to restaurant to get lunch
my clothes got all wet ! The last two days it's very hot, i don't really have the courage go out but i must go to the sportground  to practise swimming 
i can  swim a short distance so i can't interrupt my practice ! So ,i have a good idea , i can go to the swimming pool next to my home
my mother and i went to the nearest swimming pool but it's really terrible, because the pool of water there is dirty,i can see many small  pieces of dirt in the water
i swam there for a while but I couldn't bear it, i called my mother went home
as we went home we are bought two ice-creams !my mother's and mine!that's really comfortable!"
unlucky  day
In  the morning, I get up at six o'colock 
becacuse  i will by train go home my train leaves at eight o'clock
When I prepared to wear my glasses and i found them smashed
I am afraid  my mother will be angry 
I  don't know what I should to do
It felt difficult  
At  after, I missed my train, because was late finishing breakfast on time
So i felt all day very terrible!"
sick day
 I didn't come here for two days, because I have been ill
The day before yesterday, i went to the sport group to study swimming
It's very tiring 
When i went home, i felt my body ache and my body as broken like a machine as
Yesterday ,i stayed at home the whole day, I watched a film <The Devil wears Prada
by the way ,the film of my classmates introduced to me to that film years ago, i haven't time watched,yesterday ,i'm always watching it."
Recently ,my computer had some computer virus,that made the internet so slow !i can't bear it
last night, I tried again to install my computer system
I was lucky 
i am a  computer idiot,however, actually i was successful, I installed the operating system
but, I had a question I wanted to research [?], it's very difficut
i don't know what have question,beging ,i think the phenomenon about computer virus ,now i sure don't the question. [? can't understand ? 
despite i installed the operating system, the problem is back now 
so i felt very angry ,because the question delayed my study 
today ,i took the PET four Exam paper, it was terrible , from a total of one hundred but i answered correct ten questions correctly ,i have fifteen percent !oh,my lady gaga
that's terrible
i estimate if I want a pass on the Sepetmber Examination it'll be very difficult!!"
In the morning , i have to learn English until twelve o'clock
At three o'clock PM, (you want to combine this sentence with the next one for a more complete sentence
i went to practice swimming and i went home so late
My parents were worried about me and they were blaming me
Because they were thinking i and my sister and I had gone shopping together, but i didn't. I went home to have dinner with my parents
I talked with my famliy, i felt very sad, i am not loved by my grandmother and grandfather 
Because i am a girl and they wanted a boy
I remember I used to call my grandfather, he never responded to me 
he never looks on me as part of the family , so i felt very sad 
I don't understand them why they think like that !"
Because my English is terrible, so i ready myself for remediation English
Today, i looked at learning English school
At last ,i decided at NEW-EAST study
because my major is flight attendents,so i must be learn swim."
I  shouldn't what use to words. I don't know which words to use
so i can't passed the English examination 
I can't different has,have, had and i don't know use to those words
The  best importance worst is, when i understand a sentence's  meaning but i don't know which answer I should choose
With my  English like it is, I almost always choose the wrong answer
I don't know what i should do to solve this difficulty,who can tell me what should i do
The question about me is very important
Who can help me!!"
I would like to say something about the economy and the stock exchange
I don't know how the situation looks in other countries, but in Poland if you are retired and you don't have your own savings, your life may be difficult in the future
Of course this is not always the rule because there are also people who have really high pensions and they live very well
But young people like me should worry about their future
In my opinion the situation is going to get worse with every year
People live longer and they have fewer children than before
So the number of working people is getting smaller than the number who are retired
And that is one of the reasons why pensions are getting smaller in the future
So I decided a few years ago to learn how to invest my savings on the Warsaw Stock Exchange (The Stock Exchange in Poland
Since that time I have gained some experience in how the market functions
I have to admitt that I lost some money but I also made some on the market
Now I am still not a millionaire but in the future who knows 
Of course investing in the market is not for everyone
If you're afraid of losing your money or you prefer a secure way of making money you shouldn't try it
But I can say that the market taught me patience and responsibility
There are many aspects of a working economy people should be familar with
Not everyone earns a fortune, and I'm aware of that, but I have tried it and I don't regret the decision."
Formula one has become a very popular in Poland since a Polish car driver called\/named Rober Kubica started to drive as a professional F1 driver in the BMW Sauber F1 Team
Probably In Poland, Formula One in peak of popularity was is probably as popular as ski jumping where in more than ten years. Adam Małysz in my opinion is the best Polish sportsman ever was on top in general classification of and I think his expertise is quite comparable to a World Cup player. (I think this is what you're trying to say
This year Adam finished (or retried from) his sports career
If you don't know who Małysz is, I encourage you to visit for example http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Adam_Ma%C5%82ysz
Let's get back to F1
I often fall asleep while watching the F1 grand prix
Since that tragic day until now Robert is in a hospital in Italy until now
There was a risk that he could even lose his right arm because it was crushed
Fortunately everything is well now and as I read lately Robert has started to walking and in the near future he should (be able to) leave the hospital
I wish him a fast recovery and I hope he will return to F1 in this season or the next one
It was not the first time that Robert had a car accident
In 2007, in GP Canada Robert had a very dangerous accident in GP Canada
You can see what has happend in youtube http:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=MZqBbLyp6oo. 
In 2008 in the same GP Canada Robert won his first race. (It was the same time when Robert won his first race)"
This is my first post here so there will probably be a lot of mistakes
I live in the capital of Poland where I also study
I am on my 4th year as an IT in an electronic department at one of the biggest universities of technology in my country
I have some experience on the job because I have worked for two years as a system administrator at a well known in  IT company in Poland
So if you have any problems with your pc or networks ask me; maybe I will be able to help you
Well, after I passed an English exam during the second year of my studies, my contact with English has been really limited
So I hope that you will help me, and motivate me to work and improve my languages skills
I need some of your ideas on how to learn a foreign language effectively
Until now I used to learn English from books with grammar and I read some of novels 
But I still have no ability to write or to speak on an acceptable level
Still when I want to write something I need to think a moment on every sentence and of course I'm not sure if I'm doing it correctly
Especially if the sentence is complex
For me this website seems to be a really good occasion way to write more
And now I have a strong motivation to post here regularly.(Adverbs usually end on -ly
Maybe this way of learning gives me in the future more self-confidence in using English
If you're learning polish write it in this language, I will correct it for you :) "
At first, I wasn't sure if my English is good enough to communicate on line with other people especially since I've taken a long break in writing and speaking in English.Nothing wrong with this, just tried to make it more natual sounding. There are \"purist\" who will say that replacing \"sufficient\" with \"good\" is incorrect but that is how we speak in everday language in the US
I am aware of the fact that my grammar skills are not at a high level (that's why I am here
But I suppose that I was able to communicate well enough since no one told me to go back to school. (ha, nice
It is very funny to meet other people. (I think you mean: It's a lot of fun to meet other people as funny can be implied to mean something negative about those you meet, like they are weird or stupid...which can be fun too,ha ha
Text chats and voice chats are a great opportunities to get to know other cultures and what people think about different topics
It is also chance to make new friends
I spoke with some of them for hours at a time
I suppose that If I had known about these kinds of websites before I would have made significant progress in my language skills so I recommend you try it as well
I bet you can guess my nickname :D."
Which is better, working in an international corporation or in a local company
Many people after graduation is wondering where they should apply for a job
The question is what is better, working for an international corporation or work for a smaller company
In my opinion it depends on his character, his ambitions and expectations
A job in corporation is for people who are open and likes interacting with people from others countries
It is also for people who like to travels around the world
This job is probably more stressful, but on the other hands it gives a lot of satisfaction
The salary in corporation is bigger and the carrer path is clearly explained
The main benefit of a job in a smaller company is that we grow up with the company
We have broader view on what the company really do
The best way is to start your own business
Personally I am going to try in the future every of this kind of job, starting form work for a corporation and to finishing with my own business
Where would you prefer to live in your country or an abroad, in a city or in a village close to the nature
Will you finish an a university
Personally I still have no idea on what to do, not in ten years; but even in next year after I finish my education
Probably I will I will probably try to find any interesting and well paidpaying job in a city where I have will study
Of course not to buy it but, to rent it on my own or with my friends
Many international companies are building in Poland. their branches so there isBecause their branches are in Poland, more and more jobs are available; expecially(especially) in IT sector
Maybe after I get older I will move with my family (I assume to have one :) ) to a more peaceful place like mountains or coast
Okay, that's enough of these visions."
The average length of the news is about 15-25 minutes
It's depends on a the TV channel and a the time of broadcasting
In Poland there are three main public channels and two commercial ones
The main public channels are called TVP1, TVP2, and TVP INFO
The commercial ones are called POLSAT and TVN
Each of the channels has the its own news
First of all I have to say that, no matter on the channel, the news is very depressing
They are concentrated mostly on bad informations. (Better: They concentrate\/focus mostly on bad news
It's probably because most people in Poland are pessimistic, so they don't see positive thinks things around them
In the news there are many is much informations about politics. (A more natural way to say it: There is a lot of information about politics in the news
It's the main part of the news, and this informations are is also very negative because the news is mostly focused on showing how the main parties arguing argue about really unimportant subjects. (Or: ...focused on showing the main parties arguing about really unimportant subjects.) 
I have a feeling that, after (their) election, politicians in Poland after election completely forget about people and why and for what for they were chosen
I noticed that, at the end of the news, they put some positive, sometimes funny informations
In my opinion people should to avoid watching the TV news and try to look for information in independent sources like in on the Internet
Television informations are is in some way manipulated. (Or: TV news is in some way manipulated
I'm interested in how the news looks like in other countries. (Or: I'm interested in what the news looks like in other countries.) "
It's my first (diary) entry in this web site
My name is tararan
When I was a student, I belonged to the English Speaking Society
（「ButやAndと言う接続詞は文の頭に来ない」と教えられましたが、最近ネットと日常会話ではよく見かけますので、論文などあらたまった物じゃなければOKでしょう。）
またはSo, I really want to study English
Please teach me how to write in English.（teachとtellは両方「教える」になりますね）「ね、教えて！」「Come on, tell me!」　「この漢字の読み方、教えてくれる？」「Can you tell me the reading of this Kanji?」　「ドイツ語の文章の書き方を教えてください」「Please teach me how to write in German.」
I want to write about Tokyo. 　「tell」は「（誰かに）伝える」と思います。喋るときは「I want to talk about Tokyo.」もいいです。「tell」の用例：Tell him I'm not here. （「（わたしは）いない」と（あの人に）言って／伝えてくれ。）
On the 11th and 12th of August ,I went camping in Oku-tama 
with 15 members of the chemistry laboratory which l belong in to
At 11:00 a.m. on the 11th of August 11, we started left our school by car. 
And We walked a steep mountain path for 30 minutes from a the car park
We enjoyed it as if we would have been were children
At night we enjoyed fireworks,drank and have a chat talked till the middle of night
On the 12th of August 12, we returned to our school
At first, I want to introduce myself. Always use a capital \"I\" for I.  Also, \"wanna\" is very bad writing style.  Many people learning English seem to write this, but it's not a good thing to do
I am a 22 year old Japanese girl. \"I am 22 years old\"  but \"I am a 22 year old girl
I have been studying English since junior high
While in university, I often visited a  male canadian teacher during
his office hours, I asked (\/would ask him) him to teach me English
It was speaking practice
When I am at home, I usually study by  listening to CNN , and reading English newspapers
It is all fun for me
By the way, I am going to graduate from uni soooon!!   Like 'wanna', 'gonna' is bad to use in writing.  I would suggest you never use 'wanna' and 'gonna' in writing.  But if you really want to use these forms, you should use them only with close friends, not in more public forums
And I have been chosen to be the person who will give a speech at the graduation ceremony.  I will definitely be nervous
if you find mistakes in my English, please point them out
My face was red like a monkey's (baboon's) buns
my English teacher decided to test our English level
Fortunately, (真想用“多亏”? Unfortunately?) one of my roommates was chosen to read English (a passage
but, she wasn't reading. (or \"refused to read\" or \"couldn't read it
I stood up and read it. \"waiting,\" my English teacher said, \"are you Zhang Lan, surname Wu
You have the no right to violate the reputation of others.\" (or \"...don't have the right...\") Suddenly, everyone was (or \"started\") laughing, and at the same time my face turned red look like a monkey's buns."
I have 5 consecutive days off from tommorow!!I'm so excited! (you can also say \"I have a 5 day holiday
I planed to travel somewhere because November the second is my birthday
It was the first snow in of last year!I can't forget it
Do you have any your birthday that you can't forgetable??"
I found my journal was corrected my journas when I came home after my job
I think it has I will started new my new daily life because of Lang-8
I haven't had an English lesson more than 2 years
I used to think night shift is scarlly scary
Because because of ghost
It's dark inside the patient room
So, I was afraid of ghost
But now I don't think to be scared I am not afraid of ghost anymore
because I have not seen it any
But I think little bit Thinking about it scares it after I see saw some horror movies about that took place in the hospital
Is it popular of hospital ghost?? Are \"hospital ghosts\" popular
Ghost, please don't scare of me tonight!"
This is my first diary entry
I am an undergraduate
My major is in English and Thai languages
We have a lesson of in Thai languge
We get on along well with each other
This term I should will study hard
Yesterday I had a dream
Yesterday I had a dream that I rode in a spaceship to the Outside Star
I visited an alien museum, where when tour guide opened the door I saw
many different color aliens in the room
After a little time, I don't know. (I don't understand why this sentence is here
And an alien police officer was going to arrest me, but I was not flustered and gave him ten dollars
as a bribe
While he was not noticing,  l went back to my 
space ship and then returned to earth."
Hi, my name is Erica
I'm a [first year in] junior college student in the 1st grade
I want to go abroad to study English [abroad] for my aim, so I'll have to study very hard
But I don't know how I should study English
Please someone help me to improve my English skill
I have to choose my the classes which I want to take, and which club I will I belong to
The first one has already been decided.(Here you speak in the passive voice (受身) but active is usually used -- \"I have already decided on the classes\/the first
Then the second is not able to make a decision yet.(By using \"the second\" here it seems as though it is \"the second\" rather than \"you\" that is making the decision. So the correct one would be: As for the second, I have not been able to make a decision yet.) (In Japanese, would it be 第二番目は、私がまだ決められません?）
I an vacillating between the E
S and the Canalia clubs.(Because you use \"the\" in front of both
S is composed of 99 members and which are devided divided between 5 sections
They do their all activities in English
So, if I become a member, it may greatly help
to improve my English talking (\"conversational\" is more natural) skills
The other side, Canalia is slightly smaller club which can organize our graduation party and college rings.(I don't understand this, sorry
They can negotiate with the hotel for making bookings, and arranging programs on the day
Attracts me!!!(\"They both attract me!\", \"They're both attractive!\", etc
Today's Homework
Today, I have to write a poem about \"Who am I 
 for homework
Anyway, I have to finish it by tomorrow
I think the title contains a very deep and difficult concept
Clearly, I am a student
But It includes more different meanings which like the inner mind or something like that
Today,I went to the drivers license school to renewal my driver's license
I was happy because today I could (finally) change my photo on my license card. It was not a very cute photo
I went in with a good mood, and I was being careless
Because of the car which was ahead of my car was moving very slowly, I passed it at high speed
Then, a police man appeard behind me and chased me. After I pulled over he warned me about driving so fast
As you would already understand, yes, I was speeding!(always add a space after commas
I was caught and lost 3 point (if you don't have penalties, you can keep 3 full points
And I have to pay 18,000 yen, about $200 in the USA
That's a lot of money for me
After I was caught by the police, I made my way back to the (driving) school, but I was not happy
So, my new license photo which was taken today is still not cute
Safe driving is very important
At last week, I tried to post my IT question on Stack Overflow and CodeProject forum, and tried to solute some question on these forums. solve
learn how to cook>> 'Learn How...' : titles are usually capitalized
I've only cooked a few things such as sandwiches and noodles.>> in general, so plural
Honestly, I don't think that I'm good at cooking, but someday I want to cook and prepare a meal like a full course dinner for my parents.>> 'good at skiing', 'bad at drawing' etc
Everyone who tastes it, wants to know her recipe :)>> no comma: same clause
Today, 5th April, is an Arbor Day
I don't know exactly whether there is also such a day in other countries, but anyway on this day people plant trees on a mountain
Several years ago, the Arbor Day was a red letter day in Korea
But the Arbor Day isn't a holiday in Korea anymore
Honestly, I've never ever planted a tree on a mountain on Arbor Day, not even in a front yard
Did anyone plant a tree on a mountain on a day like this?"
It is very difficult to get a job for people who can't speak English
because it is very important to be able to speak and understand English well
My English is terrible
I'm not sure whether I'm writing this correctly
I have studied German more than English, so sometimes I get confused when I speak in English
Because I was an exchange student, so I could travel through Europe
They're all gorgeous, especially Italy appealed to me
In Rome I threw a coin into the Trevi Fountain
According to the traditional legend, if visitors throw a coin into a fountain, they are ensured a return trip to Rome, so I hope to come back to Rome again
I haven't decided on a destination yet
Probably We will probably go to the South Sea in August
But some day I wantwould like to travel to Europe again with my family."
Now I'm tired because of having worked as a part-time cram school teacher all day long
But, in front of elementary school gate, I have to pass hand out advertising bills for to kids alone tomorrow morning
I've never done this work, andwhat's more I'm a little bit nervous a little, but I will do it
Today Mmy friend and I went to check out (偵察) the gallery in Shibuya to see it for because of my exhibition
Then we suddenly wanted to go to Ikebukuro but I didn't know which train we have had to get on. --> Unlike Japanese, we always use past tense in sentences about the past unless the state is still in effect
I hadn't known didn't know the Saikyo line can stop stops at Shibuya
I’m into watching \"Kamen Rider OOO\", being influenced by my nephew Haruto. <<< \"under the influence of\" this phrase sounds really formal. It will appear on the paper or something
Haruto is 4 years old, and always says \"Hensin!\", \"Tajador!\" or something like that. (These two phrases makes what the hero shouts out when he turns into the kamen rider
It took me a long time to figure out what he was shouting about but now I know everything! # \"I've got everything\" this phrase sounds like you figure out the fact at the time you are writing this entry
And the other day, I watched some videos that Ken Matsudaira, one of Japan's leading movie actors, performs on YouTube. <<< I think \"video\" is more commonly used. マツケンのビデオシリーズ？のことについて言っていると解釈しました。
At each time, different TV celebrities performs the show -- they join together and enjoy dancing that resembles to samba
Today's performers are a greed (monster), and Ken Matsudaira, who is dressed up the costume of \"Abarenbo Shogun\" (a (popular) samurai drama series aired on TV)! <<< \"greed\" とは固有名詞ですか？それとも種族の名前ですか？前者の場合、\"a\" は不要。
It's a wonderful mix up, isn't it
Hmm, I'm filled with emotions because I noticed this video was made after the 3.11 earthquake. <<< Maybe some readers will wonder \"why\" unless you explain the reason. 理由を説明しないと「なぜ？」と思う人もいるでしょう。
The MC shows clear English to us and speaks slowly, so I can kind of can get what he means. (I think this order sounds a little nicer
But I've still not gotten used to listening to English
Yes, I should listen and speak and write and read read and write over and over again. (I'm not sure why, but you almost never hear them except in that order
Do you eat anything for lunch on a hot day? *The \"on\" is signified by \"に
weather it'is really nice  today in Japan (Tokyo? Osaka?) :D
Hello, have you seen\/have you heard about this
my campus life have started
My campus life on college have started since 4\/2
The entrance ceremony doesn't start yet
After finishing the test and  talking around, I noticed I am better at English skill than other students
Today, we went to the college to have overhaul('physical checkup' is better
I felt a bit pitiful because my height did not change in comparison with 2 years ago
Is that because I am 19 years old
But In the train on the way to college from my house, I am bored
So novels and iPod are necessary there
Muscularle pain
I am have been having been muscle pain since this morning
But it does not pain me too much not many
In this year, when I have started to go to the gym, I had too much of pain(I had enough of pain
In theAs a result, I couldn't have been able to move for a day
Off course, I can move today
Because I am used to it
I have to start taking Driving School in order to get driving license
When college starts, I will not have much of free time much
Introducing myself
I am a 19 year-old Japanese
I entered collage in April
So I am a college student
Speaking english is a difficult task to me
I think speaking English is different from writing it
When I have to speak English, I can't think up English words easily
and today I registered and installed Skype
I don't have many opportunities to speak English
I want you to help me with my term examination for english class
The subject matter is about ''Difference between college and high school life
I have to write it in English in the examination
So, please correct my sentences
First, it became takes longer time to go get to school
In myDuring high school life, it took only 10 minutes to go get to my high school on the train
But It takes about 1 hours and 30 minutes on the train now
Though I felt a little tortured at first, I was am used to it now
I often have a sleep take a nap, read books, listen to musics and study on the way to school on the train
So, they are essential for me to go to the college
Secondly, subjects to study have also changed
And assignments have apparently increased
Because of it, it took me longer time to study them except at school
Finally, I came to have to behave more maturely because college students will get more exposure to the world in future
However, there is  not much change in  me
It is a mental thing
I don't think that my mental age have changed
I guess my mindset is still  like that of a high school student's
But whenever I experience new things in future, I will be more matured
I think I am on my way to go through real changes
I have been busy recently
I started going to the Driving School
There are many younger students like me in DS now
So it's busy there
I can't reserve driving skill classes of easily
I could have taken 2 classes
And there are also the classes of subject
I want to get my license soon
Then I want to take my friends driving somewhere, or go on some trips
And when I get girlfriend, I wanna go on trips with her
By the way, I bought a suit for 入学式(an entrance ceremony) of college the other day
I went to 2 suit shops
I decided one of them after trying on many suits
So, I was satisfied with it
I have to go to the shop in Shinjuku to get my suit
I became to be used to the collage
I made many friends and we usually have lunch at in the dining room in of the collage. 
I really wanna join the dance circle soon
By the way, I got the best of all English classes
Thanks to the grade of the test which all students took, I got the best class of English. \"Thanks to my test scores I got into the best English class
So I wanna go abroad to study Architecture
I really want to advance my speaking and listening skills
Hair color and cutted
Yesterday, I went to the hair salon to color and cut my hair after I exercised at the gym
My hair color was changed to matt brown from black
And My front hair was cutted about 3 to 4 cm
A certain person asked me to show her my new hair of mine
Today I had plans to go to Tokyo Disney Sea with my friend
Unfortunately, I couldn't go there because of the heavy wind and rain and strong wind
But I will go there tommorow
I was glad to hear the forecaster say tommorow will be sunny
Mickey always smiles
I was tired today because I have walked for a long time
This story occurred for taking when collecting my suit which I bought last week
This morning, I went to the driving school
I took 2 classes of subject
This In the afternoon, I went to the city
At first, I went to Shibuya to buy some clothes
Then I also went to some shops while I went to in Harajuku by foot.  (you used \"first\" before so you need to continue this method of talking. either use \"second\", \"next\" or \"then\") 
It was difficult to move down advance the street
And Afterwards I took a train of Yamanote Line train (山手線) to go to Shinjuku
ThisThat was all
I realize this. This I know
I want to pronounce English very very well. speak English without an accent
Japanese people don't seem to be able can't be adapted to pronounce English words well
My The hardest task for me is to  improve my   pronounce the words correctly. 
This diary is so very short."
Yesterday, I went to Harajuku to shop with my friends. If there was only one friend you should say, \"Yesterday, my friend and I went shopping in Harajuku
But I didn't buy the many clothes much
After we finished shopping,  2 friends I and (including the friend I went shopping with) went to a local bar
It was 9:00PM
We drank alcohol there, and we had alot of fun very much
I am not strong against don't have a strong stomach for  alcohol, so I am early to get drunk easily. 
After the bar we went to Karaoke , getting drink. People here like karaoke too, so you can use it as a normal word. Also, I don't understand the last part of the sentence
Besides, We also drank at in karaoke, we hiding the drink cans in our clothes
We sang it up!! It sounds more natural to say \"We sang alot!\" or \"We sang really loud
We had sooooo much fun
I was got home at 3:00AM then I and went straight to bed
This morning I went to driving school
I was It was hard to get up early cause my stomach was still bad hurt
But now I'm OK
I'm happy to have 3 FRIENDS on Skype
I just registered ON Skype yesterday
It is little (TOO) big for me
They are foreigners who are STUDYING Japanese
And  They also can speak English
So, we can teach the languages TO each other
Yesterday, I talked to one of them
I then discovered that my pronunciation is bad
But, I feel glad to have spoken with foreigners
Do you know mixi? yes
Do you know mixi? yes
It is A SNS like this site
Off courcSe I have registered on it
I thought that Lang-8 is very similar to mixi when I just registered with\/for Lang-8
Ahaha. hahaha ne
Thank you. どういたしましてｗ"
I'm a Japanese junior high school student
I'm studying English
So I study a lot of English. very hard
I have read many novels
I don't like nonfiction
They're Japanese writers
I have many their books
I am not good at operating electric machines electronics
Three days ago my portable audio player became worng  stopped working correctly
It  could not get the music from the stock in library on my PC
If it is Many years ago, we colud could just bring it back to the shop where we had 
bought it
And then it would come back be returned to us after being repaired
But in these days I have to send an e-mail to the maker manufacturer and ask them
how what I should do to get it repaired
Yesterday they sent back an indication to me a reply but I could not 
PC words are so difficult for me to execute understand
Surely the world has become convenient but it is hard to live in !!"
This morning, my son told me that there had been  frost in his
I said to him there should have not been frost inside the room
我对我的儿子说：“房间里有霜冻这是不可能的。”"
I have been busy attending Year End parties this December
which is totally different from last year December
I have no time to clean up my house for its Year End cleaning
In Japan, at the end of every year, we thoroughly clean
even in the corners our  houses with gratitude, to rid ourselves of the
dust and stains of the old year
We cleanse the house and welcome the new year, that is,  the New
Year's Gods
We change the streams of air around the house so that they are fresh
Good atmosphere and a good aura charm good and lucky  gods
My dead grandmother was a lady who was born in 1899, the Meiji 
While listening to the 108 times that the New Year's Eve Bell was rang, she would get the very first water from the tap in a cup, and she serves it on the middle of the \"butudan” which was the highest place in the house for her 
In the morning, she would make each of  us grandchildren drink a
mouthful of it, which she called \"the very first water of the year
For me, as a little child, that tepid water was not something to be thankful for
However even now it has become a precious memory
It makes me remember the affection of my grandmother for her family
and the meaning of the impending New Year
Clean up!"
Tomorrow is the day of putting in an appearance to show we demonstrate our skills in (\"putting in an appearance\" is very vague. I think you can leave it out without changing the meaning of the sentence. \"demonstrate\" means the same thing as \"show\". \"demonstrate\" is used only with actions. \"show\" is used with objects or actions.  \"demonstrate a skill\" sounds more natural than \"show a skill
learning sign language. (the word \"learning\" makes it sounds like you are showing your ability to learn. I think you mean that you are showing your ability to use sign language
I made sentences about Helen Keller who had been born as a blind, a (When refering to people, blind, deaf, and dumb are adjectives. You can't say \"a blind\", but you can say \"a blind person\" or \"a person who is blind\".) 
deaf, and a dump dumb. (\"dump\" is a place where trash is taken. \"dumb\" means unable to speak. \"dumb\" can also mean stupid or foolish
I wonder how she learned that there was an each a word or an each a were words or
names which represented for all the things that she had never seen, 
How could she understand the sun and the moon? (This sentence sounds like she is trying to talk to the sun and the moon. You could say something like \"How could she understand what the sun and the moon are
But I heard that she had even known knew the abstract words, such as
God, who has no visible body, and love, that which can be hard to understand!! (I added commas to make this sentence easier to read. The parts between the commas add a description, but the sentence would still makes sense without those parts. \"But I heard that she even knew abstract words, such as God and love.\" Note: I am not saying you should remove those parts. I am just showing that the sentence makes sense without them.)"
Every year I write them after I have received ones from others
Almost two-thirds of people giving greeting cards are ones whom I haven't seen (人です translates to \"are ones\" or \"are people\". If you leave those words out, the main clause does not have a verb, so it is not a complete sentence
During the beginning  of the year ,we greet each other with \"a happy new
Though we haven't met for a long time ,it is a little bit odd to write (\"met\" is the past tense of \"meet
that they should  please go as well with me as well as they did last year on the greeting card
in the Kansai area
In the  Kanto area it is until Jan
We throw away decorations made of pine trees called \"matu-kazari
We celebrate New Year's  by welcoming  New Year's Gods at \"大正月
The New Year's God  visits our houses by finding pine trees and goes into the 
houses and stays beside the \"kagami-mochi
We put the \"kagami-mochi\" on the \"Toko no ma\" which is the  most holy
If it is busy inside the house they will go away, so during the first three days
of the new year, Jan 1st to 3rd, we housewives don't cook in the 
Each of the \"Osechi\" dishes symbolize  hope for a happy life, like 
to live  long, to have many children, to have a large harvest ,etc
In Japan we count our age by adding one year when a New Year comes
The ordinary age is called \" 満年齢(mannenrei）\",and we gain one 
Several decades ago, people who worked as a servant living in the 
shop with the owner merchant and his family  could take a holiday after 
the end of the  New Year's period
They returned to their hometown where their parents lived
It means to go back to the country apart from the city
Their holidays are only two days per a year 
Now, it is forbidden by work regulations. (The phrase \"against the law\" is mostly used when you aren't adding any more details about which law. \"Now, it is against the law
We asked the teacher who invented the keyboard
Was it invented by Bill Gates?\"(We knew it was not
A week later, in the next lesson, she gave us a paper on which the
story of the typewriter's origin was written 
typewriter but he sold the rights soon to Mr
Densmore made an steady effort to sell the device and finally sales skyrocketed
There was also this sentence as follows
keys for letters commonly used together to slow down typing to solve a jamming problem
However, when I read that sentence there, I did not yet
know the order of the alphabets'on the keyboard was not related to the
frequency of use of each letter in the English language
I asked her if the salesmen had sold the machines door-to-door
another 
I would just try  to make sure whether or not everyone in US knows this 
story which I had gotten  somewhere and at some times in my life
I asked her if they had explained how to use the machine with one 
word, and asked her what the word was
We felt a sense of victory in front of our defeated teacher
That is why this diary entry's title is \"Typewriter\" 
The one special word is typewriter, with its letters are placed on the 
Maybe it happened by chance, but it is enough for me to abandon my
After this, the revenge upon our teacher had begun for Christmas☆
Recently we talked about the alphabets in our English conversation class
Our teacher prepared the game ,which was to guess the hidden
words in a sentence and to fill in the blanks
Of course, the first letter is I suggested is \"e
That is because I heard in high school that the most frequently used letter in 
English is \"e\" when I was in high school
And maybe the second most frequently used letter is \"t
I have no confidence because I forgot what the second most frequently used letter my high school teacher 
had said was
Is it true that there is a  frequency order in alphabets
There is another reason why I choose \"t\" as  the next letter
Why I think so because these \"e\"and \"t \"are placed on the first line 
of the keyboard 
And we use two fingers of out left hands, the middle finger for \"e\"and 
the index\/pointer finger for \"t
It is easier  for us to use these two fingers than the other two
the little  finger and the ring finger. (the \"little finger\" is often called \"the pinkie\" or \"the pinkie finger
Therefore, before then, I thought that the alphabets' order 
on the keyboard is based on the frequency of each letter used in the English language
The next letter is \"g
There must be an \"o\"and a \"d\"（＾ｕ＾）
We guessed correctly
After  finishing  3 more games , we won them all easily
That is because the other sentences which she prepared for us 
are related to love and the Bible
At last the teacher asked us what is the most frequently used word in 
We got confused because we had never thought about it before now
Probably~\"あ\"？？？
We felt a sense of defeat in front of the triumphant teacher
Last weekend, the movie titled  \"Shizumanu Taiyou\" opened to the (\"titled\" is unnecessary, but it is not a mistake to use it
It means that \" the sun which is not dropping
The author treats writes about the crash accident of an airplane based on the actual(Better: The author writes about an airplane crash based on the actual
happening events of JAL which occured in 1985
I think the title hints that the time is stopped on that day for the 
bereaved families and never comes next day for them.(Better: I think the title hints that time stops on that day for the bereaved families, and the next day never comes for them
At that time all the book stores which is are related with to JAL company 
never put out and sold this book series on their storefronts
Over 500 people died , and there included including a lot of children on summer 
is that the a baby's skull was found inside one's mother's ribs
Untill the last moment the mother kept hugging and protected her 
How frightened frightening it was for the children who had been traveling alone 
Today, I was lectured by the professor of Virology, at the university
The cold virus can only combine with the cells of throat when it gets into 
humans' bodies.Whenever a word is plural and possessive at the same time, the apostrophe&nbsp;goes after the \"s
That is, if we swallow or eat the cold virus, it could not get into the 
body throught the cells of the gullet or the wall of the stomach
Therefore, it is very important that we  block the virus at  the throat and preventYou cannot begin a sentence with a conjunction. \"Therefore\" means the same thing as \"so\", but it is within the rules of grammar to use at the beginning of the sentence
it from going into the inside.entering
Since then, though, I have learned the effect of gargling. I do not 
However, when I feel something wrong in my throat, taking medicine&nbsp;early&nbsp;You cannot begin a sentence with a conjunction. \"However\" is a good alternative to \"but\", in this case
I wish I could have known this a long time ago!"
Last Friday at during our English conversation class,  we talked about tetanus
vaccination with our teacher from the state of Colorado state. (\"Colorado State\" is the name of a university. \"the state of Colorado\" refers to one of the fifty states in the U.S. If you are talking to someone familiar with the U.S. you can also just say \"Colorado\". It is a very subtle distinction, and even native English speakers are not always careful
She told us that children had been vaccinated it every 10 years in U
even after they grew grow up. (The action of telling \"told\" happened in the past. The actions of being vaccinated and growing up are ongoing, so they should both be in the present tense
In Japan we seldom take vaccinations after growing up when we had it
Her father made her take it because she often puts off her shoes of while 
If she was poked by a nail , there is a risk to become be infected with tetanus
While  hearing  her word \"poke\", we all wondered what was happened 
We can't hear the distinction of between the two
One is a at the top of the finger and  the other is an iron stick. (The nail is not considered to be part of the finger. It is considered to be attached to the finger. I added the word \"at\" to make the difference clear. When making a general reference to parts of the body, \"the\" is used instead of \"a\". \"the heart\", \"the lungs\", \"the finger\", etc. \"a\" is only used to refer to a specific person's finger. \"I broke a finger in an accident
We said that there is no word, which represents two different meanings by
same word in Japanese
We replied that the two words had different Kanji
In the our next class I am going to correct it!!!"
Hello, I want to communicate with foreign friends who speak English
Um, I have a question
a game input device using a web camera
Is this title correct
Going to visit Cebu in the Philippines
I'm going to visit Cebu in the Philippines from the 20th of December to the 8th of January
I'm getting excited to see the beautiful sea and dive into it
I do scuba diving as well as free diving
I hope I can relax and come up with good ideas
And I will try to meet people who are interested in or engaged in the smart phone development
Could someone please tell me some good points for free diving, and good places to meet up with people who are interested in the smart phone development?"
Kanabun is a simple and enjoyable Japanese KANA character learning game for the web, iPhone and Android
The rules are very simple
 Make a Japanese word using Kana characters from the keypad
 The longer the word is, the more points you will get
You can play on the internet for free (Japanese only
Since I'm an Android version developer, please have a try and let me know what your impression is
I'm Gen, I'm Japanese, and I live in Japan
Today, I found this website and thought it was so cool
I hope we can help each other
As my first diary entry, let me introduce myself a little
I'm a thirty year old man
I just quite my job as a software engineer in a consumer product firm, so I have a lot of free time now
So far, I have been to
North America: US, Canada
I'm thinking of going to Africa or the Middle East next
I enjoyed talking with you last week, it gave me new idea
I am interested in the “Appreciative Living” that you mentioned
So I tried to find it on the internet, have a look at the link below. (Therefore is correct to use here, but it is for more formal subjects. So is more casual
The website shows that we can have our own “appreciative circle”. (using 'could' requires the condition 'If we tried, or if we wanted to' to be already present for the reader. 'Can' serves as an introduction to the topic without any intention to implement (do) what is teaches
I am just thinking about how to get started. 
It says we do not need expert experience, we can start on our own using the guide book. [In this context] Use 'shows' if they provided proof on the website about how you don't need expert experience. But if they don't provide proof and just 'say' you don't need it (to 'claim'), use 'says
Is this true
I think it will be a good idea for our current project and the whole company! I think it will be worthwhile for our project (what project?) as well as for my company - is ok
I will get the book from Amazon and read it first
I will ask you if I have any problems. We can have a discussion after I read the book. 
We can even have a book club and invite other people who are interested - we can learn and share together. YEAH!"
Today, I went to a station in central Tokyo by subway
A shop at the arrival platform was selling rice balls. There were many kinds of rice ball and all of them were sold at 100 yen
150 yen\" was written as the original price tag
When I took a bitehappily, my tooth struck something within the rice ball
It was a small stone
It was sold cheaper than usual along with an embarrassing reason."
Illnesses are both good and bad - for doctors
For example, SARS is a very bad illness
So they strongly hope for extermination strongly
A person with these illnesses makes a good \"customer\" for the doctor
In addition,  the medicine that cures them cannot be created
This topic has quotes from a book on the famous Japanese doctor Takeshi Yoro
I read a book called ''Tiisakimonoe
It is in the form of a letter 
In this letter a man tells his children (about) how he and their mother (his wife) have spent their lives, and how their mother died 
He expects his children to read this letter after he dies
He hopes that his children will live alone
My favorite sentence is ''Death overwhelmed everything, and this saved everything
This is a sad story, but told taught me ''whatever happen to you, you must live''"
But I'm not good at it, especially at listening and speaking
I want to learn English, so I hope you can correct my English diary
14. I guess ты забыла выбирать язычный флаг, поэтому никто не может замечать твой дневник. 
Now this site has a beautiful new look
I’m a new here
I think the English language is very beautiful
I really love to study this rich language
That’s because my friends think that I’m crazy!  – Do you like to study
–  My God! (I assume you are having a conversation with your friend here
I like to study
If I study, I’ll do accomplish all of my dreams! And I believe in that
The impossible is possible
 ))"
But sometimes I make stupid mistakes
Everyone made their New Year's resolution. (Houfu is like a New Year's Resolution in English
In Japanese, New year's resolution is called \" HOUFU 
Most of their \"HOUFU\" is about their work
At Japanese workplace's parties, almost everyone talks about work
I'm tired of that topic
I knew to increase the topic of work, then I don't go to afterparty. (I don't quite understand this part, could you explain it a little)"
I went to the river in order to practice taking photographs
The river is near the sea,there are many birds
The Camera setting is high shutter speed, and continuous shooting
But I couldn't zoom in on a bird within the view finder 
It is difficult to photograph flying birds
This is my first diary, so I get might be a little nervous
I'm happy if you're reading my diary
I'm 19 yaears years old
I joined basketball club for 10 years. I've been a member of my basketball club for 10 years
I just have come up... I just woke up
I'm glad because the spring vacation begins on today
Yesterday, I took a political science exam
Though I want to play muck around a lot, I should invest this time for the future."
Now, I'm watching the final match of the asia cup
The opponent is the team of Australia
I want the Japan team to win, but it is not easy
Today is a holiday, so I will stay at home and watch Anime with my PC
In other countries, do they use the word, of Anime
I have watched a few stries... stories
However I have some a exam next week
And I must go for to a part-time job in the evening
I'm pleased to make friends with you
Making friends with everybody in the world is something I would like to do very much."
Tonight, I take my first step to restart studying English on this Lang-8 
Two or three years ago, I tried to learn English since I needed it in my job to communicate with my colleagues abroad
But, in April, I moved to another section where I seldom use English
Tonight, I found this Lang-8 site, and I decided to restart my challenge: learning English 
There are only 3 times that I have been in abroad, but those experiences pushed me to learn English, because to communicate (better to say \"communicating\")with foreigners is exciting and precious
Perhaps, it will be difficult to write a post everyday, I will do my best
Last Meeting of the Year
We had the last meeting of this year yesterday, so from as of today I'm enjoying my New Year's holidays
So, from today I'm enjoying my New Year's holidays
In the last meeting, we often usually just drink just a cup of juice, there's no alcohol, drink, and have some snacks and sweets in our office, and enjoy conversations with our colleagues
After that, some people go out for alcohol, drink, but I often come back home, because my family waits for me to come my back
In Japan, we usually have Osechi, which is a traditional food during the New Year's Holidays
I think there should be traditional New Year's foods in other countries, but unfortunately I don't know."
But However, there are two problems. (Avoid using And, But and Because at the start of your sentences in English
I have had experience only in desk work and as a clerk of a pet shop
Second, my husband opposes my desire to have taking a job
He says that we can live comfortably on enough by only his income alone and I will would neglect my duty, that is to say housework. (You need to use would because the neglect might occur if you take a job. You should use the word will if something would happen with 100% certainly in the future
Maybe he's right it's sure, but am I living only for housekeeping? (Is this what you wanted to say ? 
I go to golf lessons \/ I take golf lessons every Tuesday with my husband
I have practiced for a year and a half but I have never played a round on the actual course (However, about short course I have played two or three times on a short course and my score those times was about 90
This week I learned the correct angle at which to position my hands \/ the correct positioning for my hands \/ the correct angle at which to hold the club when the head of the club is close to the ball. [I wouldn't say \"shaft\" because that sounds like the top of the handle... but maybe I'm wrong since I don't know much about golf
I can't always keep the angle,I mean, it stretches my wrists \/ I have to strech my wrists \/ it strains my wrists
My teacher tells me that many women who play golf were bothered by they are \/ their grip is weak
I would like to rid myself of this habit \/ break this habit soon as possible and play a round in this spring
I aim at a score under 100."
Today or tomorrow, typhoon will hit reach Japan
Typhoon has is very strong wind and heavy rain
In Japan, typhoon hits reach every year
I don't want to be soaked wet."
I'm in charge of Accounts Receivable
I acknowledged an un-known payment
I should call the person who is in charge of Accounts Payable
Thank you for your cash transfer on August 22
May I speak to the person who is in charge of accounts payable
Could you share the information regarding the invoice number
Could you tell me if this is correct
It was suddunly happend happened suddenly
While I was in the train, my mobile phone had be ringing rang twice
I thought it was an emargency emergency
My boss called me to ask whether if I could go to waork work next Saturday
I would call you him back later
I hang hung up
Or Did I spoke speak correct English
Thank you for reading my dairy
I've been studying English by myself
I was born and brought up in Japan
I'd like to make friends with people in any other countries in the world
I want to be an English teacher for kids."
I want to do it again
I took an entrance examination today
I was so nervous when I wait in the waiting room
After I waited there, the colledge student lead me into the room where I was interviewed as an exam
Before today, I practiced so hard, but, the interviewer asked me a different question
If I'm able to review before today's exam time, I want to do it again."
Today, I went to the driving school
My friend and I were together yesterday, but I was alone today, so I was so nervous
So, I was so nervous
If I'm able to get the licence license to drive the car, I want to go shopping
And I want to go for a drive with my family."
I took my school exams today
I took English and Japanese exams
English exam is was very difficult for me
I like to speak English but, I cannot understand English grammar
So, I have to study more
It's classic Japanese
I will have exams from next Monday to Thursday in school
I have to study to get good points in the exams."
I found a dent in the wall when I cleaned my room
I was shocked because my room had been renovated recently
It has rose wallpaper, white furniture, and small and cute carpet-- but also a little dent
I think it's from when I was moving (was rearranging) furniture
I have to move things more carefully."
B:what does it mean?What does that mean
B:I will consult our Head Quarters designer today,and I will reply by the day after tomorrow.headquarters is one word and does not need capitalization unless the specific name of the business is Headquarters. Also, it usually refers to a location, (to a specific building) not a person, so in this case you may want to say, \"consult our head designer\" or \"consult a designer from\/at our headquarters
It's is fall
when I woke up this morning, it was too cold. 
I work as a university staff
The students are working on preparation. (生徒は何の準備をしているのでしょうか？）"
English is not easy to improve
The second weekday of the \"unordinary\" week has begun
The transportation network in the Tokyo metropolitan region is still paralyzed due to an electric power shortage
Many people cannot get to their offices and many shops are closed throughout the day
Every day, many bodies are found in the afflicted area
9,700 people who were missing and whose situation was thought to be desperate have been found alive
It is one of the few good pieces of news for the past few days
And, the fire, which broke out at a nuclear power plant, has been extinguished by working with US armed forces
Japanese citizens will not forget their gratitude for this work."
Especially the user interface to correct for making corrections is excellent
However, I think the five-star system to represent thanking thanks (or \"gratitude\") is not good
In my humble opinion, a one-star system is more adequate appropriate for Lang-8
The reasons is following: My reasons are as follows: (Or \"Here are my reasons
 I want to represent (or simply \"give\") maximum thanking thanks to everyone who correct my text
YouTube have stopped the five-stars rating system in the past
One of my hobbies is programming, and I have released some free software programs. (mainly indie games for Windows
Although texts of my games are written in Japanese, it appears to me some foreigners are also playing them
As it's of very good quality, I want to merge it with my game files
I wrote mail text to a patch's author requesting for permission to to it. 
Will you please correct the following text
iPad for English Study
Today, I will buy an iPad
I will buy it to study English
I sometimes read English paperbacks(mainly for children) to study
However, it's troublesome to buy English books
Since I search and buy books at Amazon, I have to wait for quite a long time to get my order. 
By the way, in Japan, the influence of e-Book movement is limited at the present time. (日本語の意味は）
Where is the best place to get e-Books, English-speaking word? (I'm not sure the meaning of this)"
What I said in my last diary entry are as follows
 But, a certain English speaker had an opposite opinion
And I received some opinions about that(thanks!) I'm not exactly sure why but \"that\" sounds better than \"it\" in this case. I think it's because you're talking about an idea rather than a single object
I believe that any language can have strict rules, and we can write clear texts in any language
In the same way, we can write poorly writing in any language
There are many texts, which are hard to read and can be interpreted to multiple meanings, all over the world
So, both opinions \"The English language is logical\/illogical\" and \"The Japanese language is logical\/illogical\" are not incorrect
What is important is usage of the language(how language is used). \"The important fact\" sounds just a bit off to me. It's alright, but I would change it. Since you're talking about language as an idea (i.e., not one concrete language) then it sounds more natural to just say \"language\". The phrase in parentheses is just to show another option
However, we might say that certain features of a language causes people to write ambiguous sentences.You are talking about certain features, not certain languages, so it has to connect in this way. \"urge\" is normally something people do to other people (\"I urge you to consider this seriously.\") so in this case I would say \"causes people to...\" or \"brings people to
But, my command of English is too poor to judge which language has this feature more strongly, between Japanese and English
Mochi is a Japanese word meaning rice cake
The word \"sushi\" is probably famous
Do native English speakers know the word \"mochi\" as well
An Unordinary Day Has Started (注：普通は、｢extraordinary｣という言葉は｢unordinary｣より使います。ですけど、｢unordinary｣のほうがちょっと変な言葉なので、この場合にかなり適当かもしれないと思います。) 
Although it looks like an ordinary day, an unordinary day has begun (or, today is anything but ordinary
Lifelines are still damaged yet
 and there are serious electricity shortages due to stopping some power plants being shut down
Yesterday, the government announced there would be rolling blackouts
Staple foods, like rice and bread, have vanished from supermarkets and convenience stores
This disorder will continue for quite some time
One of these those is \"casualty
At first, I thought it might have a meaning which is similar to \"casual
As a matter of fact it means victim or disaster. [Alternative: In fact, it means
Do native English speakers not feel that there is something strange about these two words? [Small numbers are usually spelled out, except when doing arithmetic, counting, giving the time or reporting statistics.]"
incorrect: (correct
He is more tall than she. [note: This sounds very unnatural. However, I do not see why the grammar is incorrect. I would like to see data that proves that this grammar is incorrect
It's hard for me to use properly use \"-er\" and \"more
It seems that there is no clear rule about whether or not I should use \"more
In daily conversation, don't native English speakers say as follows
In this case, the concatenated sentence gets to be, \"He is more tall than she
I wonder if native speakers often say it like this when they cannot speak fluently
Anyways, these are not elegant expressions, so these aren't appropriate for formal occasions. LOL."
Many Japanese believe that the English language is much more logical than the Japanese language
The reasons of it are the following
However, I was surprised that a certain English speaker who has a very good command of Japanese said, \"My impression is opposite
That is to say, the Japanese language is logical and have strict rules, whereas the English language is not logical
When someone begins to learn a foreign language, first of all, he would study the \"rule\" of the language
And then, he would study simple sentences that follow the rules strictly, so he would think like this
He knows slang, illogical rules, and incomprehensible expressions of his native language
He would always compare the language of study and his native language, and believe that the foreign language have strict rules, but his native language is not logical
This is the reason why someone who learn (learns) foreign language (languages) think (thinks) that his native language is not logical, I think
But, perhaps, he will recognize\/accept that the foreign language is as illogical as his native language is, when he masters the foreign language
I live in Tokyo, Japan, and I'm working as a computer engineer
During holidays, I sometimes play analog games with my friends
One of the reasons I'm learning English is to read technical books
I want to read English novels and watch movies without dictionary and subtitles in the future
When I learned the expression \"a lot of\", I thought of the following
Do you know the game Angry Birds
It's an iPhone and Android game
It's not very famous in Japan, but it seems very popular in the rest of the world
As of now, the game has gotten more than 10 million downloads
This is a comment I received from Tony-san
I understood the difference between \"house\" and \"home\" a little for the first time
It has been very unclear to me since I started to study English.) [When you say \"since [time]\", that means all of the time from [time] to the present. The tense which goes best with this is the present perfect tense, \"has been\" in this case. Please see my entry about the past tense and the present perfect tense: http:\/\/lang-8.com\/48539\/journals\/738157\/The-Present-Perfect-Tense-and-how-it-Compares-to-the-Simple-Past-Tense 
I have a feeling that the word \"home\" is wonderful
I (and perhaps many Japanese people) think of house when I hear \"home
However, it seems that the word \"home\" has much more meaning and is warmer than \"house\"."
Steve Jobs's presentations OR Steve Jobs' presentations
It seems that Steve Jobs's presentations are famous around the world
I feel that his speech sounds easy to listen to.(多分、文章の末尾にtoを書くのは正しくないけど、これはもっと自然だと思います・・・）
Do native English speakers also feel that his speech is easy to listen to
incomprehensible countable and uncountable nouns
Countable and uncountable nouns are basics of English grammar
But it is so hard for Japanese people to use these nouns properly for Japanese
Because the Japanese language doesn't have the concept that nouns are obviously countable or uncountable. [the word 'obviously' isn't wrong but it isn't needed
Besides it seems that there are something differences about \"count\" between native English usersspeakers and native Japanese usersspeakers
The Ffollowings are examples of this mysteryies
I can see that water, beer, information, advice are uncountable
First, I thought it's so easy to understand
it could be considered that objects which do have not have form are assigned to countable nouns
But bread and meat are uncountable
Furthermore, furniture and baggage are uncountable
On the other hand, \"I have *a* headache.\" is a proper English sentence
I don't think we cannot can count headaches
I have never had two headaches
I think I have to memorize each which of the primary English words is are countable or not."
This is a simple puzzle game, that you can play this game casually by with one hand
When your game is over, you (can) see an illustration which shows\/portrays the fate of the main character
Which illustration you can see depends on your score [There should be no period at the end of this, because the remark in parentheses is a continuation of the same sentence
if you (get a) score higher than 10,000, you are shown an illustration 2). [This is where the period belongs
I'm going to write a text \"End 1\" at the right-lower of the first illustration
g
I write \"End 2\" at the lower right of the illustration 2
And, I have a question
In this case, do you feel that an expression like \"End 2\" is natural
It seems that Japanese is considered a hard language to learn, especially for Europeans and Americans
On the other hand, Japanese people generally have poor command of English
I think the cause of these two this phenomenon is distance between Japanese and European languages
This is an article rating the difficulty to learn specific languages for native English speakers
In such __ serious situation, one of what I can do is enhance my skill, to In such a serious situation, one thing that will help is to enhance my skills, so I can OR \"skill in English\" OR \"English skills
I have to continue to learn English to gather worldwide information. \"International\" would be more suitable in this situation
I'm going to publish not only __ Japanese version but also __ English version.I'm going to publish not only a Japanese version but also an English version
note: This diary contains Japanese curse words
Handling curse words properly is very very difficult, especially for non-native speakers
Of course, it's very difficult for me to handle English curse words for me, but it's very difficult for me to handle Japanese curse words as well
And I was asked by benuaqk-san
This word is very difficult to handle because it seems that THE WORD is was used casually until some decades ago in Japan
Before some years ago, a certain old politician caused problem due to got in trouble for using THE WORD
THE WORD is replaced to by the other another word
As these are old works, it's a common occurrence that the author is already gone dead. 
As a matter of course, fans of those works don't accept that other person correct a different person's amendments of the text. (Or: \"As a matter of course, fans of those works don't like the idea of another person correcting the original text.\") 
Back To The Future\" brings back good memories from (my) childhood
I watched the movie with my brother and sister avidly. [I assume you mean that you did this during childhood. If you mean now, \"I am watching
His funny and crazy speech and conduct amused me a lot. [\"Exceedingly\" is not incorrect, but it is a somewhat formal word, so it feels out of place here. Alternative: \"His funny and crazy speech and conduct were very amusing to me.\" In this alternative, \"amusing\" is used as an adjective
Biff Tannen was a fucking nice villain. [Please see comment about the use of the word \"fucking
He formed my image of a typical type of \"jock
I sometimes watch the movie, and it is extremely amusing even now
By the way, the setting of \"Back To The Future 2\" is 2015, 3 years later from now\/today
It seems that we will not have flying cars by then
But some of the \"future items\" within the movie are now existing! [Alternative: \"But some of the inventions predicted by the movie do exist now.\" In this sentence, \"do\" adds emphasis
Furthermore, one of the problems about with curse words is that these are famous among non-native speakers
This is a Wikipedia article about English dirty words which we don't shouldn't use unnecessarily
But, I hear these words very often in Hollywood movies
Short and catchy words tend to get to be curse word  These words also tend to be short and catchy, so curse words are so easy to remember
But we haven't shouldn't use these words casually."
The Meaning Of \"Bugging Out
I have a feeling that some of the characters I see in American movies can't speak proper English. (\"Can't speak English\" would mean they didn't speak at all. This way it means that their English isn't very good
For example, there are two boys who can't speak English well in the movie \"The Bad News Bears
This is an old example(1976
And as a comparatively new example, I can pick Tuck and Roll, who are twin Hungarian woodlice from \"A Bug's Life\"(1998) share the same trait
Are these characters based off of an older character?"
It seems that it is the 5th biggest earthquate sinthce 1900
I was at work in the office then, and the shake (shaking) was too big (much) for me to stand up
As my family was (is) all safe, I was (am) relieved."
Push To Resume
I'm developing a game for the iPhone
I'm going to write a the message \"push to resume!\" on the pause screen
I have started using facebook
I will start using it to communicate with people world wide
In Japan, facebook is not popular very much, because of Mixi, which is SNS in Japan is already widely used throughout Japan
But recently, some people(mainly early adapters) have begun to use facebook as well
Childish-spoken English
In the game, there is a character who is a very young girl
I finished my meal, which my I didn't like, too
I didn't cry during the injection
Mam, are you gonna go yet
Come tomorrow, too
Today I will write about expensive sushi, so called \"no-rounded sushi\".(*1) まわらない寿司 is a little difficult to translate. I think maybe \"non-revolving sushi\" works better. \"No-rounded sushi\" is a little misleading-- seems like the sushi itself is \"not rounded
For example, some Japanese eat sushi at New Year or year-end party
because we have a sense of luxury for sushi
In This kind of sushi is comparatively expensive
We sometimes call this kind of sushi \"rounded sushi\".(*2) Again, maybe \"revolving sushi\" works better
It is typical sushi which is (not expensive) or (inexpensive
Here is one more examples
It contains many illustrations of plants, but most of the plants don't exist in this world
Furthermore, it was written in an UNKNOWN language
A few days ago, I heard on the news that the date it was made has been identified when it was made by the use of carbon dating
It was written in the early 14th century
I feel this mystery is very exciting
But some people say this book is just bologna
I think it will remain a mystery forever, as it should be
I am so bothered whenever I often try to emphasize my sentences
because there are countless ways to emphasize sentences
It's such tasty! <--それだけは言えません。) It's such a tasty dish
I think \"so\" is a so easy-to-use adverb. or I think \"so\" is an easy-to-use adverb
It's so easy to type and (easy to) speak
fucking\" is a fucking indecent word
It's fucking terrible that you use the adverb frequently, especially during meal time."
An article illustrating Japanese curry as a drug, became a popular topic with some people in Japan as a reason for its excessive sensational expression and love for curry
Chris Kohler, an the author of this article, is a video game reporter of video game
But he sometimes writes articles about curry because of his curry addiction
Later, an offline meeting was held with between fans of the article and himself (of course, at the a curry shop
They seemed to enjoy to talke talking about the curry and the video games, and so the meeting will be held again next year
He said, \"That article was for USA people\/Americans, but seems to be popular only in with Japanese people
Following is the sight site for the articleat that time
There are many (offline) English conversation schools, and I guess these are valuable for many people
However school would cost me very much
I will have to pay a matriculation fee of about 30,000 yen, and several tens of thousands of yen per month if I go to English conversation school
Online English conversation schools generally use skype
I can learn English conversation at home, and it will\/would cost me only 3,000 - 5,000 yen per month
Furthermore, I can save time by not commuting to school."
Their journey to unbelievable success was actually full of terrible hardships, especially before they had finished their first long movie \"TOY STORY
At that time, Pixar hadn't developed a full-length movie before, and they were novices at scenario
As you know, \"TOY STORY\" achieved awesome success, and thereafter Pixar went on to making splendid movies
I think one of the most important reasons for their success is their attitude of emphasizing the story
TOY STORY\" was a world-first long movie made only\/entirely with computer graphics
This could be the reason why this movie came to be so marketable
Nevertheless, they weren't conceited, and they kept the following in mind
The most important part of the movie is the story.\""
 ice cream soda
These kind of sweets are very popular sweet things in Japan
Do you think non-Japanese people would be able to tell that these are supposed to be sweet
Kashiwa mochi is a Japanese sweet cake wrapped in a leaf."
Because I sometimes experience a sore throat, and my friends, who came to my home, keep dripping nasal mucus
This air cleaner cost about 30,000 yen at the electric appliance store
However I could buy the air cleaner for about 20,000 yen at an internet retail shop
My native language is Japanese, and I am often surprised at Japanese diaries on Lang8
In my opinion, although many diaries are written by native Japanese speakers on SNS and blog sites every day, almost all of them are meaningless\/inconsequential except for the person writing them
However, diaries in Lang8 written by non-native Japanese speakers are interesting
Of course, these diaries contain grammatical mistakes due to written by non-native speaker, but there are more interesting than typical diaries written by native Japanese, I think
I think reasons for this are the following
 People who learn foreign languages have a desire to improve themselves
 Thus, there is a tendency that they have good writing skills (in their native language
 Good composition is independent of language and common throughout the whole world
If the noun is a human person, or an animal, or time, you don't have to use \"of\", but a possessive \"'s
The keyboard of the computer. <---(this is strange) The computer keyboard
After I studied the information mentioned above, I googled in English
And then, I found many English expressions such as following
Although real cars is consist of hard iron, this movie portrays many personificate personified cars as soft and cute
The story of \"Cars\" is based on the real American road \"Route 66\", which was abandoed due to new interstate highway
Route 66 is not familiar among Japanese, but I could feel sadness of people sliped into obscurity."
This is the sequel of this (post
I was asked about the inexpensive course fee for English conversation school, so I'm going to write about it
The English conversation schools which I know are the following
I wrote the fee for the most basic course
It seems that every day I can take a 25 minute class
I think the biggest reason the rate is so low is due to the nationality of the lecturers. Since they are not native English speakers, the company doesn't have to pay them as much
personnel expenses are directly related to the fee for one-to-one lesson of language study
However, since I don't know any friends who learn at online English conversation school, so I don't know the quality of the lessons
I'm going to write a diary when I will (first) take an online English conversation class."
I'm developing an iPhone puzzle game, and I'm considering thinking about the English title of for this game
I think it doesn't make sense to you but it's that's no problem
But If you feel it's hard to remember, it's that's a huge issue
I followed a certain technique to name a product
The technique is to combine a Japanese word and an foreign word
Mochi is a Japanese word meaning sticky rice cake
The theme of this game is food and sweets."
It is difficult for me to handle tense because I cannot judge whether my sentences are correct or not. [Alternatives (somewhat more natural): \"... because I can't judge\/decide\/determine whether or not my sentences are correct.\" \"... because I don't know whether or not my sentences are correct
I want to clean my room before he comes back.　This is correct
My daily life is getting back to ordinary little by little
The day, when the big earthquake was happened, was just 12 days ago
My daily life is getting ordinary little by little. (see above
The journey of the reconstruction of the location of the disaster won't be easy
I'm going to make my humble contribution. (correct as is) :)"
I have registered for a premium account
I have registered a premium account
The reasons why I registered are as follows
 I will study harder if I pay money \/ I would study harder if I paid money, even though it's little money
 The fee of premium membership is 5$, and recently, the yen is stronger against the dollar."
Do you know Engrish
Engrish is a funny English expression by a non native English speaker, especially (by) Japanese
All your base are blong to us'(AYBABTU) is one of the most famous and popular Engrish expressions especially among the Internet users
AYBABTU's first appearance is in 'Zero Wing', which is an English version of a Japanese video game
Afterward, this phrase was used with romp everywhere(ex:youtube) 
Although I can recognize this phrase, it involves grammatical mistakes(such as a mistake in plural form), (I can't see this sentence as strange or funny )\/( I don't find this sentence to be strange or funny
Perhaps only native English speakers can feel that AYBABTU is ridiculous."
Do you memorize words of a foreign language by using a word book
I do so often do so, but I forget the words soon every time
For example, I wrote a diary entry about the word \"casualty\" before.(You might want to say diary \"entry\" because if you just say diary it usually means a whole diary book
It is generally believed that (the) Japanese (language) doesn't have articles
Today I will review about the usage of articles
I visited a town which is famous for being a hot spring resort
The town in this sentence is a one of several famous towns
In this case, this is the only famous town that exists (in the region
In addition, the word \"article\" itself is puzzling too
Whenever I see this word, I think of a newspaper article."
Someone pointed this out in a comment on yesterday's diary
It was the first time I heard the word \"curse word
I think there is some kind of difference between Japanese and English about dirty words
However, the Japanese word which is direct translated from \"crazy\" is considered as a taboo word (especially on TV
A few months ago, the series finished after being serialized for 6 years
The story was begins in 1629, at the stage of the showdown between Fujiki Gennosuki and Irako Seigen
They were very strong swordsmen
Their defeat meant death
However, Fujiki had only one arm. <-You do not begin a proper sentence with \"but
And Irako, (who is) Fujiki's rival, was blind
And Beside them, there were two women. <-You do not begin a proper sentence with \"and\" either
Each one believed her partner would be victorious
And Then, the story goes back to the some years ago
The story deliberately (specifically) portrays their meeting, and what happened to them from then on
The work is noted for its cruel, intense graphics and deep theme."
As I don't know the difference between \"x-one\" and \"x-body\", I will study this
It seems that \"x-body\" is more colloquial than \"x-one\", but these are (they have) basically the same meaning
Does anybody know where my wallet is
Does anyone know where my wallet is
Did somebody come home while I was away
Did someone come home while I was away
Please point out (tell me) if these are unnatural sentences. [note: \"Point out\" is a transitive verb, so you must have an object. You forgot the object. Giving \"point out\" an object would change the sentence structure a lot. So, just stating \"tell me\" sounds very natural and is an easy solution.]"
It's hard for non-native English speaker to handle polite English expressions
I'm studying the basics of polite expressions
This is (perhaps) correct English, but is an informal expression
These are a little polite, but have still have direct nuance
It seems that this is somewhat polite
This is considered polite
It appears that the amount of donations towards Japan's 311 earthquake, each from America and Taiwan, reached about 10,000,000,000 yen
Such an unprecedented large sum of money was donated as their goodwill. (From what I've seen, \"incredibly big\" is usually used for something physically big, such as a building or ship
Now, Japan is certainly exhausted
Before very long, we will reconstruct and return a favor to them. (No comma is needed before \"and\" because \"return a favor to them\" is not an independent clause.)"
I thought of the following: [To \"think of\" something means to bring something to mind (recall something) or to come up with a new idea. 「Ｘと思いました」 is just \"I thought X\" or \"I thought\/felt that X\", depending on the grammar of X
But, native English speakers never say \"keyboard of computer\". [They do, however, say things like \"the keyboard of your computer\" or \"the keyboard of the computer at the library.\" There is a difference between talking about a specific keyboard and talking about computer keyboards in general
In this case, a correct English expression is \"computer's keyboard\". [It is grammatically correct, but very unlikely to be used. This whole question is a question of usage, not of grammar
Furthermore, a more natural expression is \"computer keyboard
And, \"son of his\" and \"newspaper of yesterday\" are correct English expressions
A newbie, with limited command of English, tends to learn just existing rules or patterns
Consequently, sometimes he doesn't think for himself
It makes a newbie to think and feel by himself."
The Japanese call musicians \"artists
Don't you think that is strange? or Do you think that is strange
Or is this right answer
I imagine \"artist\" is as a painter or sculptor
I started to Lang-8 from today
Few days ago,I went shopping to buy some CDs with my friends
His nickname is Nakaken. :D
He and I both like Metal music
But it wasn't there :( (also, they didn't have it
Just as I thought
I'm busy studying,so I can't show myself
I'll do a homestay for 2weeks:D
This is my first experience,so I don't know anything about it
Please tell me anything I should beware
Sorry, I can't translate its rules perfectly (because too difficult :(   
Look at the sentences's situation, and write remembered or coorespondingtunes
This It is a chat site
We can chat to people who lives in all over the world. \"You can chat to people all over the world
I use it  sometimes
Do You think snakes are cool, don't you? (Either Do....? or You...,don't you
I think snakes is are very cool and cute 
Or rather Actually, I like reptiles
The Komodo dragon is the coolest out of all them
Pic was drawn by me some time ago
How would you like to translate
Evil needs a Messiah of evil
By the way, does anyone know what comic this is from
I've finished
My exams are over!! (My exams is correct
I did well at Maths, Japanese and World History and English
But I didn't do well at Science
Now, I'm glad I've finished these exams
But, when I get the results
In a few days, I will be sad 
I study English to make many foreigner friends :D
I want to understand a about foreign country
I'll write diaries as I can
Thanks to for reading!"
I have exam in three days
So I don't have time to  write diaries at the moment 
I don't like Maths and Science
But , I'd like to be a programmer
It is very difficult for me  
Today, I'll write about the CDs I rented
One is ``Powerplant``\/Gamma Ray
one another is ``Holy Diver``\/DIO
one and lastly is ``大公式２``\/筋肉少女帯(This is Japanese band
I found an interesting youtube movie 
His right hand is veryyyyy fast
And I saw a cool English word in its comment
It is ''dude
I looked up its meaning and it means ''伊達男(Dateotoko)'' in Japanese
The word(伊達男)  was an ancient 'samurai' saying
I'm typing from a PC ( yesterday, I typed in a mobile telephone 
Today,I rented some CDs
But I've never listened to them
Because the rental service's system is delivering them the next day
I'll write my diary about those CD's
I wiped and spread the blood on my t-shirt
But, it looked like a trace of spilled ketchup
I was embarrassed in on the train
We played TV a video game
On my way home, I noticed something fell from the sky
I was very surprised it
Because I had have never seen it before
But, it hurts. If you meant the hail hurting you ... you can say, \"But, they hurt.\""
This picture1 shows Chris Fehn, who is a member of SlipknoT
He wearsre a mask which looks like the Japanese ``Tengu(picture2
He looks like a little scary, but I think he is very cute 
※``SlipknoT`` is an American metal band
Thanks "
Japanese situations have changed a lot since I've written an entry
It brought on a tsunami and an atomic power plant breaking and economic disorder
I am watching TV news everyday, because I need to know what is happening
Then, I worry very much for my husband in Tokyo, friends and afflicted people
We are saving electricity
Also, we are donating money for recovery of the afflicted area
I have not felt aftershocks since last Friday
I am staying in Hokkaido from February until May
I must be able to do my best for childbirth
Not doing anything is bad
I may bring on negative thinking by not doing anything
So, I'm drawing and painting
Yesterday, I drew a small self-portrait
I drew for 1 hour before going to bed
My husband says \"Please make your works of art
He fights himself in Tokyo everyday
In Tokyo, there are aftershocks everyday
It's started to snow
The kanji is \"天下太平\" or \"天下泰平
A parent's first gift to a child is its name
Our present of name to the coming baby will be to name him \"Taihei
I'm started studying English since(from?) 1 year ago
I graduated from Tokyo University of the Arts in 2007
I was studied oil painting
I got married last year in August
My husband is much older than me
Now, there is a baby in me
He will be born in spring
Now, I'm staying at my family's home
It's in northern Japan. (「north of Japan」はロシアのように
My husband stays in our home in Tokyo
He has hard works everyday
But we will meet next week 
I want to go to theater with he him."
I love American culture, movies, music and etc because I have an American friend who I've met at school
She went back to L.A. for 10 years ago
My way to of learning English is that listening English on audio, reading English in a newspaper, e-mailing to my friends in English, and talking in English with an old American friend who I mentioned before
But I think I need to learn English from a professional profetinal English teacher
The First I decided to go to Mayo's house
I was borrowed a DVD from her so I went there to return it to her
And we visited a cafe shop
We were going to study English so that our English gets better
I always think I should go out and have a cup of coffee while studying English at a cafe shop
After studying English, we went to Harajuku area and met a Jennifer
She is originally from the United States
She put me a funny pose so I took a lot of pics
Next we decided to take a train to shop for some clothes in Shibuya area but I didn't buy anything, just looked at many clothes
I thought she bought them for her but it didn't
She said that Japanese clothes are popular with her friends
She has bought lots of them since she has come to visited Japan
I had having a great holiday!"
In my work family,  there are eight people. One woman who's nickname is Kratai and the seven men are called Ping, Kro, Art, Payu, Note, Tor and Arm
Kratai means rabbit in thai language
She's likes my sister who I can talk to about everythings
Ping, I think Ping should be my father because he takes care me very well
He advises me about everythings that I should to know but sometimes he is cold
Art, Payu and Note are like big brothers to me
When I have work problems, I can ask go to them
Kro, Tor and Arm are like little brothers
I like them
It's near bangkok, which is the capital of Thailand
My home town is next to the sea so there is lots of seafood
However, it doesn't have a beach because it has fenland between land and sea
In the past, it was connected to China for trading by the river that connects to the sea so that river is called China port river
It's less place to travel but if you want to buy fresh seafood, you can buy in my home town. (I don't know what you mean by 'It's less place to travel.....'. Do you mean 'It's not a great place to travel
My nickname is \"Fern
Many people in Thailand have a nickname because their first names are too long
I learned to read reading about Thai consonants at the Anuban School, it's a pre-elementary school
Then I studied at Mahachai School from grade 1 to grade 6
After that, I moved to the Samutsakhon School
It's a high school, where there are more requirements for female students than male students because it accepted only female students in the past
All of the schools where I studied are in Samutsakhon
My favorite subject is math, but I don't like physics
Many people say \" if you like math, you will like physics\". But it isn't for me
I like to read magazines, cartoons and fiction
I’m trying to practice writing for my exam
Please help me to check this writing
In fact, all the countries have it
There are many reasons for why people in each country need music
Firstly, people used musical to play for pay respect to a god or anything else that they respect; such as spirits, nature, and etc., They thought believe that songs will make that satisfy them and bless them so that they have a to happy life
Although, we play it at church now.  [This is not a complete sentence and I am not sure what you meant. Maybe something like: \"This is why we play music at church.\" 
Next, music can influence people by increasing their to enjoyment and have energy. Therefore musicians played it in at events, festivals and parties
Finally, some music can relieve stress, so it is brought played to heal people. and This is known as music therapy, which can be heard can hear in hospitals, schools or homes
In the other hand, Music can be divided into 2 types: parts; traditional music and international music
Traditional music is identify country music that people can know where are songs from. [Not sure what you mean here. Maybe: \"Traditional music can be identified by the place that the songs come from
Unlike, On the other hand, international music is music that accepted all over the world
In some countries, traditional music is less played less often in present than in the past and is difficult to hear
In conclusions, we need music to play for pay respect to Jesus, to enjoy in events and to help people as therapy
In addition, we should to keep traditional music before it will lose is lost because it is important due to it is its identity in each country, as opposed to  more than international music that can be heard in many countries
Today is Shrine of the City God Parade Day in my hometown
Many people help with this parade by walking and carrying city god statues to show around the city, for so people can respect the city god everywhere
The purpose of this day is to respect city god who protects our town; it is a belief in my hometown
Shrine of the City God Parade Day is in every June and not on a specific day
In the evening of the day, it has there is a fair
Many shoppers come to buy many things, and people who didn't respect the city god will come in the evening
This fair has lasts around 1 week
Last Monday, It's rained all day so I was bored
and waited for a bus for 30 minutes, it was lately
Then I got on it and read my book but I was still bored because I sat on that bus for 2 hours
There was a traffic jam
I waited for another bus when I got off the first one
The bus came lately again
When the bus arrived, it had many people on it but I had to go because I didn't know how long until another bus came
Eventually, I arrived at my home. It took 3 hours and a half to come back home
When I saw an advertisement in the newspaper that said \"Win a dream holiday\", it looked like the holiday of my dreams. [When you use the word \"dreams\", we know you are already talking about something that is good (because nightmares are bad) and something you are thinking of (because dreams come from our imagination), so you do not have to say \"I think\" and you do not have to say \"best
Although it is only one day, but everything in this day is perfect. [When you start sentence with \"Although...\" you don't have to use \"but\". Everyone will treat the comma ( , ) as a pause in the sentence that means the same thing as \"but\". For example, \"Although I like candy, it is bad for my teeth
For example, I can sleep until eight o'clock and have a delicious breakfast at my bedroom in the morning, I win every rounds when I play games with the others, I have a perfect lunch with my lover with beautiful views, fresh air, and dainty food. [You should only use \"such as\" when you want to give an example of something. It is the same as \"for example
Also, I have romantic dinners in the evening, and I can see stars until I sleep. [You can say \"I have a romantic dinner in the evening\" if you are giving an example of a perfect day, or \"I have romantic dinners in the evening\" if you are talking about every day of your dream holiday
I was going to eat a lot of strawberrys this morning
I had been on a strawberry farm, and had eaten my fill of sweet, juicy berries
I would like to go to there again
I exchanged KRW for USD and AUD today because
Because I'm gonna go to the Philippines and Australia next week
And I will go to Citibank tomorrow because I have to get T\/C travellers' cheques [Br Eng] \/ travelers checks [Am Eng
T\/C are safer than cash
If I lose them, I can get them back it again. \/ I can get my money back
So I chose them
Recently, it's been raining too much in Korea. We would usually say: it's been raining a lot in Korea
I'm worried about it
Will it happen to rain on my departure day?? Will it rain on the day I'm leaving
I hope it will not rain at that time
I watched a soccer game
I think, Japan's passing, organizational power, skill was better than Korea's
I hope that Korea will be the winner of next match."
I have an insomnia lately. (or \"I suffer from insomnia lately
I have a part-time job during the night
I think the job made me an insomniac. (Insomniac- a person suffering from insomnia
I have to try to sleep earlier starting tomorrow
I will sleep earlier tomorrow, (though anything happen to me!!!---- what were you trying to say here
I went to a lot of places today
The bank, cell phone A\/S center, mom's restaurant
I got back to my place at 9 P
After I came home, I worked out hard to get a nice body
So, I have to work out too (very) hard
I'm looking forward to going to the Philippines
It's Sunday today
But I don't have any appointments today.ㅠㅠ
2 days ago, my part-time job was finished
So I went to \"Lotte world\" (like Disneyland) with my friends
Anyway, after 12 days I'm going to go to Australia alone
Actually, when I decided on this plan I was really excited
I think, I have to get gain more confidence before I leave Korea."
It heavy rained heavily again today
I think, this summer is the most humid summer in my entire life
Why does it rain too so much this year??ㅠㅠ
I just only saw the sun about 10 times this summer
My mother operates her small restaurant. or \"My mother owns her own small restaurant.\" 
I sometimes I help my mom there
though I was tired\/exhausted, I was happy
I will hang out with my friends tomorrow
It's been a long time since I have written an entry
I'm glad to come back to Lang-8
Yes, I'm falling in love with a girl who I've always imagined, but it is going to be a really difficult time for me
If I have a bit more time, I will tell you all about it. 
If you have, what would be your advices for learners
What do you think is the most important : motivation, working a little everyday, methods
In my case, I've been studying english for so long now (and without motivation) that I've piled up bad habits and now I'm trying to get rid of them
I've begun to take(better expression) it seriously since a few months ago
I've realised that I have a strong written comprehension but I'm weak in expressing myself
Today I learnt something very disappointing in the news
Well, I'm a big fan of James Bond movies and I heard that the latest movie had been cancelled because of a lack of budget(you could say money, but budget is more often used
1 I wish it rained to get so the weather would get colder
3 No sooner after you know this girl you introduce her to your parents
My name's Johan. I'm 20, I'm   from Brittany (western France), and I'm  am currently finishing my first year at École Polytechnique. (when listing things in a sentence, you normally only need to use your subject once
By now At the moment I can't speak Japanese at all, but I'll begin start to learn it in September. ('begin' is not wrong, but is not common in this type of sentence)"
I'm so excited to have found this website
I'm an outgoing girl who enjoys dancing, singing, travel, and making friends and so on
To be honest,I personally feel that Japanese is more difficult for me to learn
 When we learn language, we should read more, speak more, listen from time to time and write every day
My First Post
Hi, my name is Paul, I'm from Russian, I studied in «College du Leman» in Switzerland
I'd like to improve my English
I works at my own design studio situated in Paris
We (my colleagues and I) are creating cool things such as furniture, illustrations, websites, et cetera… Also I have two children workshops in Botson & Berlin then people at the age of 8-13 are taught(?) art
What’sThat's all for today
I did not know why I could not sleep. \/\/ I do not know why I cannot sleep
I drank some whiskey, but it did not work
So, last night I was insomniatic....."
Yesterday was the beginning of this semester. In fact, I've studied English in the United States
However, I think this semester could be very difficult for me because I took a diagnostic test yesterday and felt very frustrated
During the test we needed to read an article and answer some comprehension questions
I think the context was too sophisticated for me; like\" message from the cultural elite: read, you morons, and eat your spinach while you're at it!\" My friend said I did not understand because I do not know the American culture and it's kind of a joke
How difficult is the TOEFL
I hope that I can apply for Master this year, yet but I am afraid that I won't be able to apply in time most schools' deadline are on in March
Why is English is so difficult to study
I prepared for an entire a whole year, but it is still was not enough
How can I improve my listening
During In the test I could cannot understand the lecture, if it was about an unfamiliar field."
Two days ago, the richest Chinese millionaire came to Taiwan and he prepared seventeen million dollars to dole out it to the poor Taiwanese
Because of the sensitive politics between Taiwan and China, his behavior got caused some dispute
Some people argue his behavior is too lofty and it harms Taiwanese dignity; in fact, they think Taiwanese are not beggars and do not need a hypocritical charity
Even though his attitude is a very high key, it still helped someone in need of money."
We invited 15 people joing to join this party
We played drinking games and Wii, but unfortunately I lost the game twice at the drinking games, so I needed to drink two whole big cup glasses of beer that made me so drunk got me very drunk
I like tipsiness the buzzed feeling that makes brings us closer and forget about our worryies, however, I don't like the hangover because next day the next day, because I canot do anything and it could be made me headache all day. makes my head hurt all day long. 
Thanks god I could have a fun time yesterday"
This is my first entry
After this I want to write a sentence of my diary
I love football(soccer), and music and TVgame (do you mean \"Video game
I'm come back 
The influence of the great earthquake absorbed in Japan
We made it through even though it was strong
The region where I live is far from the epicenter
It was not thought that the aftershocks would reach such a distant place though there was no big damage because it was far away from the epicenter
I'm not surprised but I'm scared for the earthquake measured about eight on the Richter scale
I couldn't update my diary because the Internet was not connected in the place where I was, but I have returned to my local area
It ties on May 6 and it restarts. 
We are studying Italian at school now
It is because we will be going to Italy this in the winter of this year
Therefore, I thought I should write the following texts in Italian
I came here because I have had the Internet for three days
Because the words were difficult, I decided to use a translation site
Hello
My name is Kuini-Aman 
I stay in Japan 
I don't like English classes
So I want to learn English
Please help me learn
Thank you."
TODAY
I went to a food shop, and I bought \"Okonomiyaki\" 
After an hour long drive, I arrived at the railway station and found him
I had a good sleep
I did not get up until 2 friends(?) came to my dorm and woke me up at 11:00 p.m
After a scrumptuous lunch with my friends, I had my hair trimmed (I am much cooler now
That black tiled floor is so well cleaned  clean that I can even see my reflection in it\"--> \"is so clean\" is more natural here, but if you want to emphasize that someone did a good job cleaning it, then this is okay too
Then I stepped onto the well-cleaned floor and found out (that) it was a pool~~~"
It is the birthday of one of my colleagues today. (Today is my colleague's birthday
He is also my roommate. 
But he did not tell me that today was his birthday, he just hung out with his friends
I think he did not tell me maybe because it is not quite proper for me, a stranger to most of his friends in his department, to go with them. (\"I think he didn't tell me because...\" or \"Maybe he didn't tell me because...\" would work and sound better in this sentence. 
I understand, so I'm not angry
Because there are many occasions\/situations like this, even in my own life
Why does my boss always criticize me
 Maybe it is because I ate too many bananas and cucumbers, and I ate too much corn...... (This one is difficult. . .  But the plural form of \"corn\" is \"corn\", not \"corns\" and you can't say \"I had too many corn\" you have to say \"I had too much corn\" or \"I had too many bowls of corn
This is so coooooool
I have been learning English for around 14 years now - I started when I was a kid in primary school
I am a little ashamed that I have failed to managemaster? this language
Today I start to use LANG8
And I want to study English now
because I work at a very famous hotel
There are many guests who come to my hotel from all over the world
Somebody,please correct my poor English sentences
Now, I am studying an English language course at Victor University in Melbourne
I welcome everyone to correct my mistakes or grammar
If some people whose like are learning Chinese, we can help each other
Aslo, people who are going to China, you can ask me and I will proivde an interesting place for you."
But I'm living in London now
I'll be living London for year and half
and I'm going to the Reading Festival to listen to Radiohead
I like jokes and Im funny, I think
By the way, Im going to go NY next Feb to April, so, where would you recommend
Please give me your ideas
Also, I was in Canada(Vancouver) during last August
I made many foreign friends
Now, I want more foreign friends!!!! (wanna は\"want to\"の省略なので、\"I want to more foreign friends\"は間違えていますね
I dont mind your age, sex, or nationality
If you wanna learn Japanese or learn about Japan, Ill teach you
lets talk with me!!!!"
This It is a popular Japanese Japanese popular animation
The new story starts at this spring in Japan
albite Part-time job
I did from twelve o'clock at midnight to six o'clock in the morning yesterday
I was glad a burglar didn't go there yesterday
If he went there, I would desperately run away."
I'm going on a by bus
 It's too long, and I'm afraid that I will be exhausted. 
I 'm afraid that I will be exhausted
I have recently practiced a new way of studying English to improve my Japanese accent
WBC (world baseball classic) is taking place tomorrow in Japan tomorrow
But,there is something I'm worried about
Ichiro is not in good conditions
I'm Taka
I'm currently staying in Ireland to study English now
I had an account on Lang-8, but I forgot my password
So I made another one
My university, as well as some clubs, started last Monday. and some clubs also did
All throughout summer vacation, I was looking forward to starting school. during the summer
However, I'm bored during the weekend
I don't have anything to do..."
until Christmas! (or \"Just two days to go till Christmas
In Korea, I used to enjoy Christmas (day) by going shopping or to karaoke  with my friends, but now I have no idea how to spend and enjoy x-mas in Canada
How do Canadians celebrate (<--a better word choice) Christmas
I think having a practice at writing in English must be helpful to improve writing skills. (\"I think practicing my written English must be helpful in improving my writing skills
I've sometimes tried to write an essay, but I always hestitated about what topic I should take. (or \"topic I should choose
So now I wanna ask you guys who are in same situation as mine. 
How do you choose a certain topic for writing as a practice? (or \"for practice writing
Which one gained your interest?"
tAlong with the development of the Internet, people now seldom  have the habit of keeping a diary
People often communicate with others through a variety of communication mediums, but they seldom have time to spend alone thinking or writing
They forget the one most important friend: themselves
How do you be a loyal friend to yourself
Speak honestly to yourself in your diary
Prevention (1992, p.47) suggested 21 ways to stay up in down times
I read about old friends, and places that were once home for me, and often must read five or six times before I can recall them clearly.” Keeping our past in mind is important because I believe everyone values his\/her past life, otherwise we would not need our memory and we would be like a piece of blank paper before we die.  (I took the word \"life\" out of the sentence because it is misleading.  When we say \"our past\" we know that we are speaking about events that occurred previously in our life, but \"past life\" has a different meaning.  \"Past life\" is used by people who believe in reincarnation to speak of lives they had before this current life
When we read them several years later, we may recollect the houses we used to live in, the friends we used to be intimate with and the social environment at that time
The second thing we write in our diaries is our thoughts and feelings
It is fun when we look back at our sort of childish thoughts when we were young
However we do not look down on them for we know that is how we have shaped our temperament now and maybe, in several years, we will laugh at what we are thinking now
Then they chose  hot majors according to their parents’ suggestions and then attend universities, in which the same major’s students’ classes are also exactly the same no matter if they like it or not
Those innate traits will not change throughout our life, thus we can be sure what career we should have in the future instead of following the current trend which probably will not suit us
It`s been a long time since I was here last time
≧ω≦*) Many things have happened: I had finished my first year in University and had taken the academic vacation
But I decided to pass examinations once again and to try to enter the other faculty (facility?) where I can study Japanese
I will do my best to make my dream come true! (alternative, but I prefer because it's your decision. :-) 
S.: I`d like to say welcome to all my new friends
It`s very interesting for me and in spite of some difficulties I very like that language a lot
After the college entrance examination,I have 2 month left before going to the college
There are many temples in our city,and I visited many of them,include Shaolin Temple,Huishan Temple,Fawang Temple,Yongtai Temple
The temples are all lie in the mountain,far away from my home
Other temples also have a long history,it is a long story."
We will have military training for two weeks,how can I get through those days
I had military training at senior high school before,it was not a good memory,tired everyday,and no one cares about you
What you could do is stand under the big sun,enjoy the ruthless sunshine,enjoy it until you fall in a faint
A commencement ceremony speech for the College of Medicine
I am very honored to be here giving this speech
First, on behalf of all the teachers here, I would like to congratulate all of you for being members of the College of Medicine. 
So that everyone here can smoothly transition into the medical school environment, I would like to suggest the following. 
1,a good diathesis of psychology (????? don't understand
Second, be realistic. 
Third, be friendly. 
Fourth, be innovative. 
I hope that all of you will keep these points in mind, which will ensure your success as a medical student. 
Our country is developing and needs talent. Therefore we should value our time, work, and studies. 
Finally a word to everyone 
Today we are proud of the College of Medicine
And tomorrow, the College of Medicine will be proud of us. "
My Hometown (3
Our city lies in the foot of Mt. Song,one of the Five Mountains
We call it Zhongyue. 
There is Zhongyue Temple
I have been there. Many tress are very old, even some are thousands of years old
I can see traces of history from the black burned marks
Another famous scenic spot is Songyang Academy, which was built during the North Song Dynasty
It is very beautiful with two very large trees. 
It leads to Mt. Song. 
It is a World Geopark, ideal for travelling. 
The place has five generations co existing at the same time. 
Though it is very nice,it lacks water. 
Welcome to Dengfeng , a lovely place to find bears and other wildlife. "
we will have a military training from 16th to the 30th this month
terrible,i wroted a lot ,but i lost them,how could this happened?"
we have to study systematic anatomy at a place which is far from our dormitory
so we have to take a bus, then a boat, then another bus to the place.. There is no time to have a rest
and,the terrible smell makes me sick
after the class, I will take the same buses and the boat back
There is no time to have dinner,i have to catch another classes.\/ other classes
I am so tired now
I had a Vietnamese test today
I made all sentences correctly, but the intonations were totally wrong. 
I just whispered to myself that it's unbelievable
I thought that everything I wrote was right
The red marks on the page were like blood when I saw them
My Vietnamese teacher said, \"You're not as bad as I thought.\" [OR My Vietnamese teacher told me that I wasn't as bad as he (or she) thought
What
I felt happy with that despite the way he said it. [Do you mean you didn't like what he said or the way he said it
I spread out the books to study as soon as I got back home
As time passed, my eyes went down the table below
I tried to wake up slapping my face harshly
After an hour, I my face was red and I fell asleep anyway
Then, I got up and wrote this
I wish this hadn't happened
How am I supposed to sleep again at 12 am IN KOREA?"
How are you doing there
I'm really interested in learning English
I want to be a bilingual person
haha i want to be though
If you are a smartphone user
I think so because my friend has become smarter
At the end of the day, a smartphone can provide the information for you, but it costs $100 a day
But it costs $100 a day
Have you ever read '1984' written by G. Orwell
owell
Or guess what it is
Why isn't it Big Mama
It is focused on the men have power
What do you imagine will come after era of smartphone is over
The future is scary. [OR: I'm scared of the future
I talked to one of my friends about our future plans
We plan to go to Vietnam to get jobs that are related to the field of trading products in Kor
We have to make lots of friends when we've done those things because we could get more information on Vietnamese culture
He is really sure that we can make the most of it
But there is one thing we should be careful to do and that is to take care of each other
Don't drink too much, smoke a lot, hook up a girl, go to the club alone even though it is out of mere freak. [I don't know what you mean by \"out of mere freak
Of course I'll
I come up with something scared.... [I can't figure out what you mean here. Did you have a scary thought? Or do you think you will end up in a scary situation
that is what I am
My will is too weak to keep the promise (or: agreement
I LIKE hanging around people who like them~!! "
Do you believe in UFOs
Nowadays, whether alien exists or not is a hot topic (issue) of discussion
Because NASA announced that a creature we never could imagine could be alive somewhere in the universe
But I don't think UFOs does exist somewhere, and here's why. < 다음에 그래서 \"왜\" 당신은 설명할 거에요
It's because that human beings are actually aliens
Here's what I want to explain
Once, there was the only one type of alien in a small universe hundreds of thousands of millions of years ago
That's right, I'm going to tell you about the origin of the human race
However, the humans were just a tiny little very small thing like a rubber fly ruber at that time
The longer time went on, the more bigger universe became.As time went on, the universe became bigger and bigger. < 또한 괜찮아요
This is rihgt the Big Bang theory ( I like soap operas
though
By the time the earth emerged from dark dust in chaos, the sun which came out earlier than the earth, had been becoming hotter and hotter. (came out = 괜찮아요
Some residents living on the sun evacuated it with everything they had.(They could get to the earth because the distance from the earth to the sun wasn't far. between them.) 
Think about it
In the universe, time was born in just a few years. They eventually settled down on the earth without fear of danger
And they tried to get used to their new surroundings, which was the same as the sun at that time
As time passed, they become a dogs, mices, cockroaches and humans
Thank you for reading about our 'Fancy (Fantasy?) world.' "
I Don't Smoke
Do you think smoking is a good way for people to ease their stress
Smoking just makes smokers think they felt relieved
Actually, they are becoming addicted to the nicotine
What does government do for them by raising the price of tobacco
Raise the price of tobacco
When the cost of ciggarettes go up it just makes the poor and smokers light up special cigars imported from somewhere else, like cuba
If the cigar prices increase as high as the imported ones, they'll choose cigars from more exotic countries
They will choose the one came from an exotic country
On the contrary, it's so ironic that they will try to work harder
They might as well do
They will want an expensive cigars
The more the price increases, the more that fills the Government's pockets
In short, don't smoke and get your fresh air
The government just wants to get rich
We should be the rich ones
Especially when I see people studying Chinese
I hope that I can increase my lingual skills with you here
Hi, my name is Go
I work at an internet service company.  <<is an \"internet service company\" like an ISP (internet service provider
I'm starting a new 
web service business
I must learn English  <<\"hardly\" means not that much
because I often negotiate with foreign 
companies
but I don't speak English very well
I will write about my daily events.  <<you don't have to write \"in the future\" because you're already implying \"in the future\" when you use the future tense (I will
Thank you!"
I'm very sorrowful
Today I'm not happy, because today is a sorrowful day
In China for the next three days it is the Qingming Festival
During this three days, people should clean their ancestors' graves
But it's impossible
Amen!"
I will introduce a music for you.(Let me introduce a song to you
http:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=eWIW0etKNbY
give me impression~(Leaves me a deep impression.)"
Oh, I thought yesterday when I drinking, I will go to abroad in anytime soon. (Not sure if you meant it this way
There was a group including 2 foreign ladies and 2 Japanese men
Then I thought that \"maybe I cannot speak with them with because I drank alcohol. (Not sure what if that's what you meant
At least, I have studied study English for several years
But maybe I couldn't talk with them
Two researchers
In these days, 2 reserchers stayed my lab.>> Recently
They comes from Holland (the Netherlands
Man and woman, thay are very good persons.>> 'One man and one woman. They are both very good people
The man is American and (<guess what goes here>) woman is Japanese
But someday, I want to be a good researcher in the world 
At least, researcher in Japan
The monster parent is a evil person who offends their child's school because of some false charge in Japan
And the other day, It grow (grew**past tense!! ** or became is more better) into a criminal case
Do japanese have to carry this on and get up now( i don't know what you mean here
This sentence reminds me that if I want to become a researcher in the future, I should be the man who loves my investigation.singular= add -s to endingplural\/more than one person= no -s on ending
English is so important for（to maybe better here） us
It came to me again when I met two researchers from Netherlands
Before that, I was a graduate student in a university of Kyusyu
And I listened to his presentation, of course he spoke english
I can understand just a half of them
I thought I must improve my english skills
Oh, whathow do you think of lang-8
then I was got mad at it, so I decided to buy a new one
I got it 2 or 3 days ago, it is working really well really good working
I'm becoming beginning to like DELL haha
The day before yesterday, earthquake attacked the north of Japan
Every TV program talked about this cruel news of the day
I hope as many lives as possible were saved."
Im used to be a person that the day before the day that some event will hold. 　＊あのうさ・・・”to be used to sth\/sb”という言い方を使ったら、『それに慣れている』という意味を伝えます。”I used to do sth”と言ったら、『過去にはそのような習慣・癖・常習などがあった』という意味があります。トシさんの文章がちょっと曖昧で分かりません。ひょっとして、”I used to be a person who postpones everything until it's almost too late”それとも”I'm used to being a person who does everything in the last minute”は意味を伝えますか。でも、「a person that the day before the day that some event will hold」の部分は大変分かりかねます。
And the my (or zero article or no pronoun at all)　bad habits linger yet
I want to get rid of them. (This way it sounds more natural. Plus in the previous sentence you were speaking of \"habits\" as of a plural noun which changes to \"they\/them\" as a pronoun
I'll go on a trip to Kyoto, Osaka and Nara
Kyoto is a popular sight seeing spot in Japan
But I've just gone there to attend a symposium a week ago
But this time, I will have much more free time
I have to take two tests, English and my majour, Phsychology
So  nerves nervous that I cannot\/can't sleep. (Usually, \"I'm so nervous 
good luck for me. (Maybe \"wish me luck
I have a girlfriend now, but sometimes I wonder if I really like her
I'm a graduate student from a university so that I must study hard
But she sometimes disturbs my work and vice versa
What do you think
Give me some advice, will you?"
Yeah, I can really see it. 
Even though I'm Japanese but some questions about Japanese on this site are too difficult for me to make a reply
Especially when there is a subtle nuance. 
Girls Generation
They are a group of K-POP singers
Someday, I want to be a friend of a lady who is a foreigner, like a member of Girls Generation
It is difficult
Oh, I've been to TOKYO these last three days with a fellow from my University circle
It was so funny
I'll write specifics someday
I have the flu
I have type-B influenza
I caught it 4 days ago
I was so sick
It's gradually getting better."
Yesterday, I got a computer which I sent to the manufacturer to for repairs
The computer broke as soon as I bought and ran it
And I made the manufacture repair it one time, but last month it didn't work stopped working again
So I got it back yesterday
I was opening it happily, and turn on it... I turned it on
What
It didn't wasn't repaired
It is as when before I send it. It is how it was before I sent it. (This is a confusing sentence to say, even in English! haha)"
Now I've just woke up now today
These days I cannot sleep well because I can't get fall sleep
Maybe it is because I have no stress maybe..."
Speaking English is one of a very difficult thing
Especially for me, a Japanese
It was awful
Who can talk with me on Skype and teach me about English!!"
The weather is not good these days
Actually, It passed my prefecture but it still affected us
Oh no!!!"
I heard there is a website to gather a lot of money under the guise of helping the Japanese people who have sufffered people
That is not human's act is inhumane. (This is more natural)"
Skype is a good useful tool, isn't it
Everyone in the world can speak and chat with anyone in the world
I think the inventor creator did a good job.,i think
And we need a lot of friends on Skype so please connect friend me if you'd like."
Do you have a close friend that you can say call buddy
I think I have 2. (Usually we spell out the number 2 in an instance like this. e.g. \"I think have two.\" or \"I have two friends that I can call buddy
Of course except for my girlfriend
Unfortunately we don't keep in touch anymore. (It is usually considered bad grammar to start a sentence with \"But\" and \"So\". \"But\" is used as a conjunction in English e.g. \"I consider myself a vegetarian, but I still eat eggs.\" another example \"I think I have two, excluding my girlfriend of course, but we don't keep in touch anymore
I wonder if they are fine
My name is Kate and this is my diary
Actually My friends are very cool
Anastacia is a very sympathetic, sensitive and kind girl
Stasie is a very sensible, sociable and easy-going person
Sometimes I think that I live in a world where nobody understand me, and sometimes I think my life is the best surprise."
I want to learning English
Hell, everybody
I am at Chinese Culture university 
My English not very good, so I have to learning it. -OR- My English is not very good, so I need to study to make it better
I am going to the gym every day
Because a long time ago, my weight was 125 kg
But now my weight is 75kg."
over  My job is over
Today is my last day to job work there
I have to look for a new job 
But I have an mid-term exam on this semester 
So I will spend more time to on reading
The exams of economicals,management and English writenting are difficult
Then After that, I am looking   will be looking for  a job on online 
Now it is my choose chance ."
For example, if they can’t cut costs or downsize (or: lay off staff - lay off needs an object) when they have poor results, they will go bankrupt
By contrast, when they perform well, they will need more workers
In Japan, many large corporations are giving up their lifetime employment systems because they are realizing that the system is irrational
Secondly, it is hard to maintain workers’ motivation when they are hired for their entire lives
If companies promise employees employment until the retirement age, (or: ...guarantee employment until retirement age
In Japan, the gorverment-managed railway comapany had reported a huge loss every year
In those days, it had ensured a lifetime employment
By contrast, they work hard if there is a possibility they will be laid off
The Japan railway company has made big profits since it was privatized because employees have a possibility (probability implies it's more likely they will be fired than not) of being fired, and devote themselves to thier work
It has recently been announced that a new movie theater may be built in your neighborhood
I agree that a new movie theater is should be built in my neighborhood, though some people say that it would be a bad thing
Secondly, A movie theater would provide one of meeting places for old people seniors
Many old people seniors live alone in our town
A movie which they watch would be one of common topics
It will help you relax you
Hey, it's my first post up here
I don't speak English very well, so I signed up to improve my skills
Yesterday I bought a book written by Haruki Murakami and translated into English by Birnbaum
It's much more interesting than his previous book \"Norwegian wood
I can't just skip unknown words so reading this book will take a while
By the way, does anyone know pretty good sites for learning english, especially that ones that enriches your vocabulary
I'm opened up for communication :)"
It's They're called \"Sakura\" in Japan
If you visit to Japan on the first of April, you can see the most beautiful sakura then."
If I use incorrect English, let me know the correct English
I’m glad to be here. [\"glad\" is okay, \"pleased\" is even better
Let’s begin with this
Let me share three traits about myself, my origin and two of my hobbies
And then, My parents named me “Hiroyuki”, hoping I would become a man who is always acts with a generous heart
Unfortunately, I don’t think I have met their hopes yet, but
But I’d like to grow up to be this kind of man
My favorite hobby is playing some musical instruments, such as the violin, saxophone, piano, and… Sorry, they are too many to mention because maybe I’m an instrument enthusiast. 
One of my other hobbies is traveling abroad. [I would say \"finally\" if you had talked about a number of other hobbies before this last one. Since you just talked about one other (musical instruments) you do not have to say this.] 
Last year, I traveled to different countries in Asia such as Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, and Thailand. [\"went to\" is okay, \"traveled to\" is even better
While I was in Macau, I tried the world’s highest bungy jump at Macau Tower
This picture shows the size of the tower
Surprisingly, it’s taller than Tokyo Tower’s observation level
When Tokyo SkyTree is will be completed in 2 years later, I hope to jump there as well
That’s all, thank you. [Instead of just ending, I would sum up the topic to provide a closing. For example, \"These three traits about myself, that I have just shared with you, are only a few of the many things that make me who I am today. Thank you for your time.\"] "
Anyway, please be my friend!"
This is the first time that I've written a diary in English on this website
My English teacher recommended this site to me. (이건 훨씬 더 자연스러워요 
Everything is strange to me, and I don't have any friends today, but I will soon have more friends
If you see my diary and it needs to be corrected, please correct it immediately
I'm student, and I'm poor at English, so if you are good at Korean, please correct my writing with Korean
I don't have friends, so please send me a friend request
Let me introduce myself
Hello, my name is Hugh
I'm Korean and I live in Korea now
In March, I will be a high school student
My school is far from my house
so, like most other students who study in my school, I live in a dormitory
My school is well known for its long tradition and the good grade of its stu
nts
My familly is proud of me for attending that school and so am I
My father works in Seoul, which is very far from my house and my mother works at KITA (Korea International Trade Asocciation
My brother is 15 years old, by Korean age
He is smart but he is kind of lazy
The last? 뭘요
My hobby is reading a fantasy books and I also like reading a newspapers
Please send me your request to be friends
When I woke up in this Columbus Day
I was looking forward to\/expecting the corrections and comments in the last blog
I have just finished my web conversation chatting with my best friend in Hong Kong just now
I miss missed her so very much
I gained many friends in New York, but lost many in the same time
Seems the boundaries between us are not only\/just Jet Lag
But being in New York has been better for me and given me a positive view
I have gained a better grasp on English and its difficulties have matured me. [\"have\" is not necessary when talking here though
I don't know what will happen next year, [or] I don't know what next year will bring
Today is was a nice day
since I learnt some Spanish lol
I still can not decide which place is the best for me
Life is was like a box of chocolates
What I can do is just be ready for all accidental the sudden changes
People will become more mature as when time goes by
The difference between kidult kids and adults is the skill of problem solving
Go ahead. (???)"
Since the story background is in takes place during the Middle Ages in Rome (not sure about this
But it's really funny. 
They use Their vocabulary and slang are different, and sometimes they speak with a different accent. [I moved \"sometimes\" from the end of the sentence to before the verb \"speak\" to make it sound more natural, but it's not necessary
It's absolutely not above my level, but the plot is so interesting. [\"Definitely\" would sound better than \"absolutely\" with this correction: It's definitely above my level
Hopefully I won't have get nightmares from going to sleep right after watching it
Thanks for giving me comments. [Or \"Thanks for commenting
Here we pay about 300,000 yen(3,200US$) to get a license for driving usual standard cars
I have been saving enough money to get it since my childhood, though I still think it is too expensive
By the way,  I began to read Harry Potter and Philosopher's Stone!!!"
After just an hour of karaoke last night, I got a sore throat
I think I have something wrong with my entire digestive system
Then, talking of sickness, what is said to make you get better when you are sick in where you live
Whenever I get sick, I am forced to have ginger, by the way."
It's been so long since my last entry!!! (so, you know how articles distinguish between a \"known\" and \"unknown\" type of noun? It's the right idea to use \"the\" with \"entry,\" but you can be a little more specific by saying \"my entry
Please think of it as my writing training
Here we go! やほ〜！
I have no doubt that I have a Japanese accent in English
I cannot help but speak in that way (whether I prefer it or not) without some kind of magical training. <-- I use (...) to show that this clause is related but not essential to the sentence
Honestly, I don't want to have an accent that is so strong that some people might not understand what I just said. <--- [do something] so much that [this happens
Then, should I pursue a fluency in the Standard English
True, it is not a waste of time to have a goal of becoming fluent in the language
However, concentrating on one less significant thing about a language(at least for people unable to make themselves understood smoothly with it) just wears you out, especially when you are still not quite there with the language
Thus, I would rather put energy into acquiring a pronunciation which is understood by others
Today, I enjoyed going to karaoke with some friends
I really like singing, though my voice is far from comfortable
Our house is now being built
I attached some pictures so you can see how it is going
Be careful when you have red wine, by the way..."
It's been a while since I posted my last journal entry on here
I'm not sure there's anyone reading these posts though
Anyways, I really appreciate you taking the time to read and correct this article
I just wanted to tell you (if anything) that I am available from now
Send me some messages, and force me to correct your Japanese!!"
I know in English language, you can use \"it\", \"these\" or \"him\" when you have talked about something in close proximity. (...when you've just talked about something
Let's posit the premise that a country \"The ABC KINGDOM\" exists in this world. (omg sohei... posit... premise... lol so technical (but your usage is correct, I think
I'm simply introducing this hypothetical country to you
Me: The ABC KINGDOM is a big country located near Japan .... (中国じゃな〜？）
I went to a sparkling[?] picnic in Odori Park today
Hopefully they will also have a lot of fun in India
Although it was a farewell picnic, we have another plan to go hanging out at a fireworks festival in Toyohira riverside this Friday
Also, I'd really like to go to the Ghibli exhibition which is being held in Geijutsu no Mori right now
You can take a picture with[?] Totoro
I guess it's a sort of illusion to make it look as if you were with[?] him
I have to find friends who are interested in going though
And, if not, they will be amazed at how skillfully I drive (at least
I love the summer. (<--- don't know why this is... or you could say, \"I love summertime
We have lots of adorable events coming up!!!!!!:DDD"
Good Morning
I also take an English comunication class
Ａｓ a matter of fact,  I dislike to waking up ealry in the morning
This class is very early time in the morning
But, I like this class
If this class were at a later time, I would like it even more
Today university life was enjoyable
But I made a mistake
It was that I forgot one examination today
It was a very important test
I was very, very sad
Entirely I can sneer myself. <-- I have no idea what you mean by this, sorry
I am more tightly!! <-- Same here, I can't figure out the intended meaning
Please, correct and comment on my blog
I was tought this site in my class. My class has been teaching me about this site
You could say..... I've studied English for 7 years, but i still don't fully understand it
However, I like English, so I want study. I'd like to study it more
I want to write a recently idea. I'd like to write an idea I've just had
Recently, it is has been very hot in my town
It's better to say.... It used to be cooler when i was ten
It is probable that this cause will  greenhouse effect. I believe the cause of this is the Greenhouse Effect
I don't think I can do nothing anything 
I bought DSi because my DS failed
wakarimasen
That was the initial model
I used DS for a long time
Is it \"broken?\" I thought. So I borrowed DSLite from a friend in phlegm!  Phlegm means spit in English. Phlem is mucus produced by lungs
Getting something on credit is good, but the debt it not
wakarimasen. I do not understand
The DSi that I bought is amazing
I was astonished
I watched a TV show called \"康熙來了\" tonight, and Yanzi was the guest today
She hasn't really been on a TV show for such a long time, so she couldn't even handle the \"gossip attack\" from \"s
I'm making a movie to teach the idiom \"come clean
Please check it
scene 1
scene 2
A: I saw You and Kana there,\"come clean
I lied to you."
It is famous for apples and the nNeputa Festival
There Aomori is full of a fields of apples all over
Neputa is a festival
And By the way, I am from Inakadate in Aomori
It is very beautiful.  There are 6 six people in my family,: my father, mother, grandfather, grandmother, sister and me
My Ggrandfather, grandmother and mother are a farming family work on our farm
My Ffather is an office worker
My sister is also an female office worker
I am a Hakodate Future uUniversity student
Team that I like My favorite soccer team is Liverpool
My favorite Pplayer that I like is F
And Also, I like to watch basketball
Player I like My favorite player is L
Last night a little boy said to me, \"You're so tasty
I want to kill you, 
and I want to eat you
because you're tasty.\" I felt surprised and I didn't know what to say
He's just a 10-year-old boy who likes to use humor to describe his emotions."
When I went in to get her,the instructor stopped me.\"Young lady,\"he said,\"I have been teaching calculus at this college for over 20 twenty years. (Usually we write numbers using letters in English writing. One exception is when we write years such as 2011
Not noce In that time, I have not noticed has anyone who has come to my class just beacuse he or she wanted to
The child may stay.\""
Young Johnny turned up late for Sunday school (This sentence should continue into the next sentence
one morning and the teacher wanted to know why.\"Well, I was going to go fishing but my dad wouldn't let me,\"said Johnny
I should think not,\" replied the teacher, \"And did your father explain why you should not go fishing on this day
Recently, I've been taking long baths for a long time every day
Taking a bath is good for me, because I'mget tired to from work
After the bath time, I can sleep well better."
Today was a the good day to walk
It was very fine nice out today
Therefore, although I didn't plan to go out, I walked around some anyways time
I was refreshed so much.I felt very refreshed
Now I'll be able to work vigorously."
Yesterday, I went to a shop, near my home, which sells household dishes. near my home.*Note: ',near my home,' is a Parenthetical Expression. Which means it is relevant, but not necessary information in the sentence
It is very useful why that I can buy dishes. I can't usually usually can't cook at home. little by little
Are there shops like that this kind of the shop
Oh, it seems like I can't live without coffee
Isn't there an alternate drink anywhere?"
I went to Tokyo Dome for watching to watch a baseball game
Today's match was the Giants v
the Dragons, and the Giants won
I saw the games 5 times and have seen 5 games, and, as a matter of fact, it is the first game I've watched seen that the Giants won
I have been to Nagoya once before for a meeting with a company
Although the meeting lasted three hours, it took six hours to move
They have different elegance than in the daytime
I like them because their pink color is very beautiful against the black background. (Just a suggestion ^_^)"
I joined this website that one of my friends recommended yesterday. If you are implying this site you might want to have said: I joined this website because one of my friends recommended it yesterday. Otherwise the 'that' you have there is misleading and makes it sound like you are referring to another site
I found some koreans who had already joined to study English like me
and I felt excited to see someone's correction
when one person wrote on her diary in this site, the others living in other counties corrected it
it seems to me that this way is a very wonderful idea for writing
The following is my first writing at \"Lang-8\". The following is my first journal on Lang-8
This is the sentence of my profile at \"Lang-8\". 
I study both English and Chinese as foreign languages, but it's mainly English that I mainly study
So, I am studying English mainly on Lang-8
For the first time in ages, I've written a journal on Lang-8
But, that's not to say I have been writing journals on other sites
Hi, I haven't seen you for a long time
A reason that I haven't been writing some journals is that I have been waiting for some corrections of on my previous journal. I haven't keep up with the pace of writing journals on Lang-8 because of the long sentence in my previous journal
Also, I thinked it was because of that sentence, it was a little rigid that the entry wasn't corrected
All right, if I was in a position of the person who was to correct my long journal, that is something which makes me depressed somewhat
I'm going to write a little short sentences
Thank you for coming to our salon few days ago
Acutualy, I`d like to ask you something
We are representing a Japanese company, when we will go to Australia
We will be looking for tenants, provinding marketing and promotion services, etc
We can  introduce ourselves to you in this Friday
We wold like to represent your company
If we can make sales for you, we would like a 20% commission
We are are able to makes some contacts for you on this trip
A typical case of using \"っ“ is when you want to say something verbs in the past tense
For example 'いう'(means 'say') is present tense, and if you want to say it as not present but past, replace the last character with 'た',  so 'いう' is converted to 'いた
In addition, sometimes add 'っ' before 'た', so as a result it'll be 'いった
I'm not sure of the rule for when 'っ' should be added, but I guess that the only way is to remember the pattern for each verb, like for English verbs which can't have 'ed'. [I hope this is what you were trying to say, I tried to make this sound as natural as possible
Of course I'm not a teacher so this might not be the correct explanation."
Several days ago，I drove to Jianyang——a city just like Sichuan, just for business
When I was driving on the country roads, lots of rape's flowers appeared before me
Under the sunshine, completely yellow, glaring color
But I couldn't stop
Maybe life is like this, there are some good things, we just can miss them
First, I'm a man, and I'm from Beijing, China
But now, I'm living in Chengdu, the provincial capital of Sichuan
Yes, I like to travel and to take pictures, and I like cultures
So I want to find some friends here, and improve my capability of communicating in English
Of course, if you are a student studying abroad, and happen to being in Chengdu or Beijing, maybe we can be the friends in my real-life
I hope you all will enjoy every day in your lives ^-^"
From a novel
This is a conversation of between two person people
Whose cameo? = Whose cameo is it ?= Who does the cameo belong to
Whose-ever you say , man
I haven't heard these this expression
I won twice in the marketing competition which is held by LIG and KT
I have confidence in manipulating marketing stuffs.  -I'm sorry I don't understand the blue text
But the problem is
I want to apply my knowledge from studying about communication to direct
I love watching dramas and I want to make them myself
I read a lot of books related to directing and TV producing
This vacation I'm going to work as a staff member for a drama to see landscape(?) of making TV-Drama
So what would be the best way for me
Just be a marketer, which 
I'm really good at it, or be a director, which is what I want to be."
On wednesday, I came back from Korea
I stayed there three days
July is a rainy season in Korea
But it was sunny day while I stayed
Most Korean sales people can speak Japanese very well
They understood my Japanese more than English
Roasted pork and different types of vegetables wrapped in a crisp leaf
I went to Seoul this time, however next time I want to go Busan
Today it is very cold and rainy in Tokyo
It's rainy
I usually only take showers at night, but when I am tired or feel cold I take baths with bath salts
When I lived with my family I didn't use bath salts
But After I started living by myself, I wonder when, I began to use bath salts
They relax my body more than a regular bath
Maybe it's just my imagination..."
Twitter is addicting\/addictive
Since last winter, I've been using \"twitter\", that is a mini SNS\/blog service
I get a lot of chances\/opportunities on twitter. For example, I can get connected with people who I normally wouldn't see, and trigger something career-changing
I understand that Twitter helps (to) connect a lot of people, but I think that I am spending too much time on it lately
If you have twitter (account), please tell me your account
I want to read your posts and study daily conversations
It's hard for me to understand your posts right now because of my poor English, but I'll be able to communicate with you pretty soon
I want to use this tool to study (and communicate using) foreign languages too."
I slumped over my desk, slept 30 min at lunch break, and I slept more on my division's meeting of all other times
At the Last night, I drank in at a little party and went back (home?) at midnight
But
From Starting today, I will write this a English-diary as much as possible
A lot of people are interested in my country, but i almost can't communicate with them
I'm a vocal coach of an amateur choir
That's because there are no lessons after their concert since last autumn
There is a girl who has a very weak voice
Her talking voice isn't, but when she sings it's almost vanished into thin air
Since last year i realized some of her problems, but we had no time to make changes
I gave her some advice in the lesson today
It's not private lesson, but after a very short time (probably about 30 min later) her voice changed amazingly
I am studying Landscape Design in the college of the Art now
2 years ago I started to studying 2 years ago
During my first year, I often went to several schools and tried out some homeworks, but last year I haven't done anything can nothing because after I changed the divisions and don't have i can't spend the time to studying
So, I am determined to study this year
And
but
I want to must learn English too
 but my English is very bad
nnnnnn
What should I do
So, Thus, I chose some tools for to learning English since this month
And learning For reading, I will use a Landscape Design books
Kill two birds with one stone!\" I think
My friend gave me a book titled \"Garden Design\" in for my birthday 2 years ago
But I didn't read the text...(sorry
The book introduced showcases about 50 spaces that is are public, private, and commercial
I will read this book over the next 1 month
And I want to write the comment in this my diary about some of these gardens."
I bought two pairs of shoes in Yokohama today
This is very rare for me
That's because my foot is too big for Japanese shoes
A lot of Japanese woman need small sized shoes about 23\/23.5\/24 cm, but my foot is 24.5-25 cm
So, most of the time I can't find shoes that fit in Japan
I always buy imported shoes or buy them when I travel in Europe
Today I found a Japanese shoe maker, and the shoes don't pinch my feet
I tried on eight pairs of shoes with pleasure and bought two
Ladies, what size is popular in your country?"
My friend introduced me to \"Rare Job\", that is an English school on the Web
I talked to my first tutor
I was very nervous and spoke only a few words
I do not need any qualifications but I think the way for getting some qualifications would be good
Nice to meet you
I have studied English for three years but I can't speak and write English
So I ask everyone to teach me English
Today I went shopping
I bought a DVD which is called \"Full House
I am very sorry for not having answered for a long time
I am very sorry for having not answered for a long time.\""
thanks for informing me about the error
AB for informing us about the error.\" in a formal document
Yesterday, one of my friend's facebook friends sent me a msg, and surprisingly, he was my friend's boy friend. According to what she said, they were not going well
She was surprised by that he sent me a message, and asked me to erase him from my facebook friends
Is she jealous because he's interested in other people
It's no problem to erase him, but I don't really understand
I think that it's natural and common for someone to have interest in  other people, but if she doesn't like that he is interested in others, she won't be in good with him
It especially looks like that men in America tend to initiate contact with less hesitation than ones in Japan
Is that actually true???本当はどうなんだろう？？？"
but I'm going to work hard at it
Regards, sato."
I sometimes make some dumplings called gyoza for dinner
In that case, When I make gyoza I buy their skins wraps at a grocery store instead of making them from scratch
The product's name is 'Won Ton Wraps', not 'Gyoza Skin
The product that I usually use is an American one, and I don't know the reason why they are tastier than Japanese ones though, they surely are
Maybe, it is because they have less additiveesadditives
I prefer the American taste to the Japanese taste, but as for the amount sold in a package, I prefer the Japanese one
Japanese skin wraps are usually selled sold 30 in a package, on the other hand the American wrap is selled sold at least 50 to 60 in a package
Even if you only want to buy 10 skins, you have to buy all 50 of them
I've bought them some days ago, and I made some gyoza but only used 1\/3 of the package with about one out of three(1\/3) of a whole product; so I have alot of wraps left now
According to the recipe of their website, this can be something like pie
The Darkness Of the Bus
The bus is not on time so much,but it's reasonable and convenient,so I like it
But there is one issue I care about
In the night,it's almost completely dark inside the bus
Due to the darkness,I've lost my knit gloves on the bus
They're new and I like them very much,so I'm sad
Some friends came over my house,so I made some food
When I was prepareing the dishes,the fire alarm was starting to go went off
The sound was so loud, and I was very surprised by it
The alarm didn't quit immediately,so I stopped cooking and called the concierge to know find out what happened
I was relieved and rresumed cooking
But!There was a problem I hadn't noticed
When the alarm was going off I was making a Spanish omelet,and the bottom of it was barned..burned
So,I removed the brown part and made it quiche with an extra egg and cheese
After all that trouble trouble, it tasted delicious
I was happy to hear the everyone say it was great."
According to her, there is a bacon-flavored floss
The shop also has a lot of other flavors!!さらにお店にはほかにもたくさんのフレーバーが！
That sounds interesting, though I won't try the bacon one
Differences Between Countries
I arrived in New Jersey on Aug\/22\/09
Comparatively I'm used to American life, but I'm not used to American units
For example, I toasted a slice of bread with the oven this morning, and it was burned because of the high temperature
F is used in America, and ℃ in Japan.."
We went to Brooklyn Botanic Garden last Sunday for cherry blossom viewing
The festival called 'Sakura matsuri' was held there, with some special performances and exhibitions
I'm not sure about the reason why, but I was especially attracted to the Bonsai exbition
My favorite one was a big tree in bonsai with a lot of small pink flowers, but every piece of work looked gorgeous
Actually I have never thought that before--in fact, I had thought that bonsai was too quiet, so my reaction surprised me
Bonsai is enjoyed by rather elderly people in Japan, so I wonder if I've gotten old enough to enjoy it
I've been taking a group English conversation lesson once a week, and the teacher always prepares some interesting article or topic that promote our conversation
It was a really funny and interesting question that she asked us a few weeks ago; if you were a Thanksgiving food, what would you be
Turkey, stuffing, mashed potato, corn, cranberry or pumpkin pie
Every student picked an answer for themselves and one for other student, (we were in groups of 4), and had to give a good reason why they chose each answer
If you had been there, which would you have picked
Brownies
I made brownies in order to give to may my husband and some friends yesterday
I made them in with a (using a) Japanese recepi recipe with American ingrediients
But sadly the brownies  were not good
I think there's a difference between Japanese chocolate and American one in how much sweet they are
And moreover I think I baked too much.them too long
From now on I'm going to cook them again with watching out while watching the oven and using another recipe
I hopethey will be tasty next time
Milk chocolate and peanuts butter spread on the dough, some banana slices on it and topped with a lot of marshmallow
And it tasted great! (This is more natural
The way the marshmallow was melted was especially excellent
The final exam is around the corner
At the beginning of this session, one month sure didn't feel short, and it seemed like there was a lot of time left in the session, but now I feel like it went by really quickly because of you and my classmates
When I can't say what I'm thinking, I feel terrible, and sometimes feel depressed, and do not feel like going to class
However, once I'm actually in the class, I find I'm glad I came
It have passed for It's 4 days since coming the new year began, but it'sthis is my first journal of 2010
At On new year's eve, I and my husband My husband and I had joined a running festival called \"Emerald Midnight run\" at central park in Manhattan
On that day, it was snowed, so I wondered if it carryed out would be held, but it did was
If we missed the bus, there was no way to of getting home until the next morning so we gave up the whole distance and planned to stop the run when we reatched the half distance way
There were was a band performance and a costume contest before the run, they were very entertaining
At 12:00 there were fireworks above my head, they were amazing
I want to join it again and run completely finish the race. 
Yesterday when flossing my teeth, my cavity filling fell out
So I have to go to the dentist
Being lucky, I was able to make a reservation for tomorrow
But I don't like dentists, as manay people don't like them
It's chilly outside
There were some people wearing down jackets, some people wearing t-shirts
I wonder if the people wearing T-shirts felt chilly
Last Thursday, we had a heavy snow
In spite of the snow, I had some things to do that day; going to the dentist, going to my school,  visiting my friend's home, and takeing a seminar of English pronunciation.(oh, what many things there are
All day I was actually busy, but it turned out to be really funny
After the seminar, during my friends and I took a walk in the heavy snow(it was almost storming, and my umbrella was broken><), I felt just like we were in our school days
I dont't know what made me like that, it was like a magic
The Cat's Recent ActionThe Cat's Recent Behavior
It has been almost a month since we began to take care of one of our friend's cat while she is outaway
Even though I think she asks a little bit too much feed, everything has been good.Even though I think she eats a little bit too much, everything has been ok
she really has a good appetite!She has a really big appetite
She seems to become familiar with us; Especially with me, She looks familiar with me more than my husband.She seems to have become familiar with us, especially with me. She is more familiar with me than my husband
Actually she is on my lap now!Actually, she is on my lap now
Btw, she has taken interesting action these days.By the way, her behavior has been interesting these days
After eating feed, a short time later she gets on a washstand and looks at herself into the mirror crying.A little while after eating cat food, she gets on a washstand and looks at herself in the mirror crying
I go to school to study English and we students discuss about many article at the class; education, health insurance system, natural disaster and how to recover.--> I tried to amend the sentence in this wayThe English class that I am attending is given a discussion . We as students need to bring up discussion among various topics, such as education, health insurance system, natural disaster and the way of recovery
I'm a kind of nurvas, because the next is supposed to be by me.I'm nervous, because I will be the next one
I've decided the article, but haven't done the preparation for the presentation.I've selected the topic, but haven't done any preparation for the presentation as yet
I've been interested in the special shoes which make daily walking into a sort of exercise, like Puma Body-train, Sketchers' Shape-ups and Reebok Easytone
I found and tried some of the Sketchers and some of the Reeboks
One of them felt like walking on the sand, and one of the others felt like being pulled from the top
The information on the ad about these shoes looked like they really work, but I had no idea whether it really, really worked
I have wondered whether these shoes I tried (on) yesterday didn't fit me
If you have tried or used these shoes, could you share your thoughts or experiences
One of my friends is a chef, and  we had a nice dinner at the restaurant that he recommended
The restaurant was really great, its drink, food and atmosphere were totally amazing! (you have to use ''were'' instead of ''was'' because you are talking about 3 things, this makes it plural. the plural form of was is were
I was really surprised that I had missed my stop, even though it was the last bus of a day! (I would say, ''I didn't realize that the bus had passed my stop, and I forgot to get off
It really scared me!>< 
Thomas, US Virgin Island. *I honestly can't tell if this is wrong or not, but it sounds very weird. Maybe \"St. Thomas, a US virgin Island\" sounds better
I enjoyed snorkeling there
This program is one of official programs of NYCity in order to show children the difference of cultures
Because the area that we're going to is a little far from my house and I have been busy recently, so I haven't done this work for several months
It have has been very cold recently in NY
It's my first time to be in NY in during the winter,and I didn't know it was so cold
It's such so cold that I want to go to a hot spring,especially a Japnanese style's one,or a Swedish sauna
I really want to take it, get into the sauna and I feel hot feel the heat
One of my friends is was sent to the damaged area in Japan by her company for relief efforts of after the earthquake
She has a cat and she asked me to take care of her cat it during her absence, so my husband and I began taking care of her cat
But soon it turned out to be very good and fun to have a cat because she is so friendly and cute, and she get us to wake up with her crying in the early morning
I've got driving lessons in New Jersey
I've got an international driver's license in Japan before coming to the US, but I didn't drive a car in Japan, so I'm taking  the lesson
In Japan, driving lessons require many hours of driving  on roads, including expressways
In the US, there are less hours to drive at driving school, so is it possible to have a lesson on an expressway if you wantit
Last weekend,I was going to go to Manhattan for some shopping and eating pizza with my husband
The pizzeria that we was were supposed to go is really nice,so I was looking forward to visiting (going) there
But,due to his cold,I couldn't get there>< (But because he had a cold we couldn't go) 
So,since the last night,I've been going to eat the pizza>< So since last night I&nbsp; have been (wanting to eat\/ craving) pizza
His cold is getting better,then so I'm going there this weekend
The Stores Were Was Closed On Sundays
Yesterday I went to IKEA in New Jersey by my car with my husband
The roads way to IKEA is complicated for me, at least to me, so I &nbsp;we got there with much only after a lot of trouble
There were no cars at in the parking lot,so we felt strange.(Usually it is very crowded
And the entrance was closed with opening hours listed as information'Mon
It was no help to There was nothing we could do, so we had to unwillingly went back to go back home
In Japan almost all shops and department stores are opening on Sundays,so it was unexpected that IKEA isn't dosn't open on Sundays
We felt acually a real differences between the countries
According to weather reports, tomorrow will be rainy and snowy
I hope it won't be rainy or snowy
I washed my jeans in the washing machine yesterday and I tried to wear them this morning
To my surprise, I found them too tight
At first I thought they had shrunk, but then I thought back a secound, I wondered if I had gained weight
Anyway, I'm having a trouble not wearing them comfortably
I like cooking,but these days I don't feel like cooking.(I have no idea for it.) (I don't know what you mean by \"I have no idea for it\". Do you mean that you don't know what to cook
I don't feel like doing laundry either
I don't feel like doing chores,but there are no one is doing them,so I will
I especially have trouble with to deciding what to cook
Today's entry is a continuation of  the one from yesterday
I cooked brownies using another  recipe from  before.(Sadly the one I made before was not tasty
Though I had been nervous until I sampled it, this one was better then the one before
I was relieved to makeafter making this, and I tried previous one again
I was surprised, it turned out to be tasty! (good colloquialism
Actually it was bitter,but it was also rich.andIt was great with ice cream and some fruits. So if I served it to a friend, I would do it in such a way
I'm giving it to a friend tomorrow and I'm wondering which brownies (or \"ones\") I should give (him\/her).(For my husband,I gave both with nuts ice cream and some fruits on valentain's day
I'm into veggie and fruits juices these days
There's a nice tiny sandwich shop near my school and they serve a lot of veggies and fruits juices and fresh smoothies, so I wanted to make it by myself
Following the shop's recipe, I used pears, celery and spinach. (\"Put\" sounds a little strange if you don't say where you put it. If you add \"in the blender\" afterwards, then it should be fine to use
I preffer eating them by nature! (Or you can replace \"by nature\" with \"naturally\" or \"normally
The NewYork's Bagel
A few days before,I ate a bagel sold in Manhattan
It has been a month and 2weeks since I moved to New Jersey,but it was my first time eating one
In Japan,I like bagels and I used to eat bagels,but NewYork's bagels 
are quite different from the Japanese ones
I was especially surprised by the height
But I like both kinds
An Advice on How to Improve Your  English Skills
I got some advice on  how to improve my  English skills, especially listening comprehension, from my teacher today
It  is so simple
Though it has passed only been a day, it seems helpful
After I was  advised, it seemed  so reasonable and natural, but I didn't do it before
Even though I have a rather slender figure and a pointed chin, I'm conscious of the shape of my face 
Also I'm conscious of the highness of my cheekbones
Do you know any good way to improve the shape of the face
One of what Thing I like about the U.S.A. アメリカの好きなところのひとつ
One of what thing I like about the U
S., there is are usually sort of sales at shomwhere in a shops even without  outside the particular normal sale season
I can enjoy sale prices though a throughout the whole year
I have a friend who Iwant to talk to
Though I don't know whybut, I get a kind ofenergy from him
So I want totalk to him more and Ihope I willhave some opportunities soon
Nice resturant
Even though there are so many nice restaurants in Manhattan, I have a favorite restaurant there. It's a French one
My husband and I have visited there twice for this fall,. itsThe amazing and beautiful dishes always surprisezed us
But, there is only thing that I am disappointinged by about the resturant
I really, really like all their dishes, but I don't like their desserts very much
I think they are not flavorful enough.This is correct, but a more natural way to say it would be: I don't think they have enough flavor
I wish they would serve the desserts that fit my taste!You can probably leave out \"the\" in front of \"desserts
Since moving to NJ, which is a 15-minute bus ride from Manhattan, I'm into cooking the vegetarian way. 
I don't know the clear reason (or reason behind it), but maybe it is because I can see (or am exposed to) more cafes, restaurants and grocery stores for vegetarian and other health food stores in here than in Japan
My husband loves meat, especially beef, and wants to have any meat including fish for every dinner, so thinking about a menu for meal is troublesome
At the party I talked with a friend  who is charged in ecology. <<Sorry, I don't know what this means
He is a leader of the community, and he knows a lot about ecology
I'm interesed in ecology, ecological movements and organic food, so we enjoyed talking 
While we were talking, I heard an interesting thing
Before,I thought organic food was good only for ME, who is eating it,but it's not right
The reason why is that not using farm chemicals is good for their health
I was so relieved to hear that
I'm choosing to eat organic food
Lately,I've was sometimes beengiven hugs by my non-Japanesefriends from not Japan these days
ThereThisisn't thisacustom in Japan, so I didn't understand what makes people want togive each otherhugs each other, but recently I understood the meaning in my way when I was actually given itone
In my opinion, people want to express their feelings and thoughts that they can't express in words
Because in my case,After enjoying to talking to someone, and when weyou alwayshave to say good-bye.In my case,I wanted to express my feelings somehow and used abody language \"hug\", instead of we couldn't understand as not expressingexactly aswhat Ithought
What do you think about this?What makes you give ahug
Lastweek,from Tuesday to Friday,my friend from Japan stayed at my house in NewJersey near Manhattan from Japan
It was the first time for her to visit Manhattan, and we went sightseeing for three days
The broadway musical,'The Phantom Of The Opera', was especially fantastic
The acting,the singing,the stage settings were beyond words
I bought the CD (wth highlights from the musical) and listened to it
It's snowy today, and not just snow, but a  snow storm
A weather reporter has reported on it for a week . 
Actually,on last Satursday,though it was expected to snow, but it wasn't snowy. Last Saturday it was supposed to snow but it didn't so I didn't care about it completely and I invited some friends over. 
So I didn't care about it completely,and I invited some friends
I'm very sorry not to meet my friends
Liking somebody
What on earth is affection
Sometimes somebody I didn't care for at first became somebody I really like
There's also the opposite case, of course
Having somebody to like makes me happy and cheers me up
It also makes me want to talk to them more
I love to have people I care for, but I wonder what makes me like them
Is it because they are so attractive
Is it because they benefit me so much? Is it because I can admire them
Maybe I am just selfish
I think there's a chance I might fall in love with somebody
I missed the bus stop that I was supposed to get off at this evening
I seemed to fall It seems I fell asleep while listening to my favorite music
I guess yes so
I usually use the bus and the subway to go to the school, but today, I walked instead of taking the subway
Because I went too far, I had to take the another bus that go to goes in the opposite direction
The bus does not come often. is not many, actually There are two buses in a every hour, in the evening, so I waited for almost 40 minutes
I don't want to miss my stops anymore longer
Today I was spoken  to by a man selling nuts at a stand nearby TimesSqare
At first,I thought that he would make me buy some nuts,so I was suspiciou of about him
But that wasn't the case. 
As he spoke,He said he has been to Japan for seven times,and he was a soccer coach for many kids in some nationalities in Japan
He showed me a picture taken in  on\/of a soccer ground
It was a nice picture
At last,he said to me, 'Welcome to New York'(as I said him to be here due to my husband's business) (as I had told him I was here due to my husband's business
I think in New York,there are many more open-mind-people than Japan,and it's so nice to the country
I got a call from the bank where I have an account today
We talked in English, and I couldn't tell him what I wanted to tell him immediately
If it happened now, I could tell him
I went to Cancun for 4 days during the Thanksgiving Holiday
It was warm and the sea and the beach were so beautiful. It was a great holiday
BTW I was surprised by how many Japanese people there were
When I was in Japan,I didn't think about going there because of the long distance
It takes about 14hours to go to Cancun from Japan
I want to go there again
When I speak English, my brain seems to use almost one hundred percent (I seem to use 100% of my brain power \/ capacity <- more natural) on just making (or structuring) sentences, not comprehension, back ground and something that is needed for conversation (not understanding conversation (?) <- I am not sure how to correct this). 
Holiday Party
Last Tuesday, I went to a holiday party
It was held by the graduates from my husband's university
There were 30~40 people there of different ages. 
There were also people who are still in school. 
They are studying many things such as structure (do you mean architecture?) ,dance, politics, and other subjects. 
The party was very pleasant, and time flew by
We did not have much time to talk with everyone so,we are meeting up at my home  or somewhere else soon
The Hurricane Irene was approaching last weekend, and everybody was talking about it
Of course, me, too
Luckily (for me), last Friday when we were going to see it, the weather was windy but fine
So my husband and I went to the theater without any trouble
I have seen the movie version, but to tell the truth, I didn't like it that much
I especially (particularly) liked one of the performers
His face (looks) and singing were fantastic
His face reminded me of my school days, because he looked like my ex-boyfriend in high school
Anyway, every performer was GREAT
There were some parts where two or three people were singing at the same time, and I liked the harmony of their singing
We liked it so much that we tried to buy the cd at the souvenir shop in the theater, but it was too expensive; it was $40
After getting back home, my husband found and bought it for only $12 on iTunes
I'm so happy to be able to listen to it at anytime :) 
You can find it on youtube, try it!"
Though I have taken many Englsih classes in the US and I have met a lot of teachers, *You have used the \"Present Perfect\" tense in the beginning of the sentence, and in order to make it agree with the rest the end must be in \"Present Perfect\" as well
Indeed, the good thing is that my class is very small. It effects the quality of class, but even if I take account of it, I still think so
I met with my friend two days ago and talked about all the classes I've ever taken, that's why I think back on my these school days
In Japan, people put their hands on their mouths when they are coughing
But in the US, people cover their mouths with the bend on their elbows
A few days ago, I put my hand on my month when I coughed because I didn't know that
Then I was advised about coughing by my friend in Ameica
He said, 'the hand is used for shaking hands', and I thought that rang a bell
We talked about a lot of things: the differences in how people bring up children in our separate countries (for example, who takes care of children if both the father and the mother work and they are out in the daytime), the difference between public and private school, and the relationships among our own families
Neither of us speaks English well, so sometimes we did not get each other's idea exactly
But our discussion on the relationship between wife and her mother-in-law was another matter
Though we did not use English very well, we were able to get our ideas across easily
We share the same idea: the relationship between a woman and her mother-in-law is sometimes difficult
We are from different countries, but have the same ideas from our experience
I just started using 'facebook' yesterday
Though I had heard of facebook,I already used 'mixi', which is a kind of sns, so I hadn't tried that
A trigger was that I want to be closer with a friend of mine who  I can't see very often 
The friend uses facebook, and he asked whether I used facebook
Because of  that I began using it
At first I was surprised by the speed of responses
As soon as I registered, some of my friends sent me messages
I was happy to contact with them and I thought to myself how useful facebook was
At first I was happy, but after thinking about friends and friendship, I wanted to have deep friendship
It's no doubt very convenient and useful, and a way to keep contact, but I think the friendship is also kind of superficial
I think everything has two sides, good and bad, and of course facebook has them too, so it's completely up to you, how to use it
I don't really know the reason why it happened, but my hands have become terribly rough recently
Skin problems generally don't happen this severely during this time of year
I tried some moisturizer, but I haven't found the best one. （俺はNeutrogena Hand Creamを薦める）
Everything was so-so
I wear gloves while doing dishes, and it seems to work
I guess that the best way to recover is to avoid doing household chores
I called the driving school I am attending to confirm my reservation using English
Before I dialed, I got pretty nervous
It's not easy to speak in English. Moreover, it was noisy. (\"It's not easy to speak in English and it was noisy,\" is OK too
I was somehow able to confirm the reservation, but I couldn't speak as well as I thought
But it was a good practice to use English
These days, I'm wondering what defines you as a good person or a bad person
I think I would define someone as a good person as someone that says good things with a smile, and on the other hand, I defined someone as a  bad person if they say bad or terrible things. 
When  I talk with someone in English, I can't explain my feelings as exactly as I really think because I don't have enough English skills
In other words, I sometimes say good things without actually feeling good
My female Japanese friend had a  Spanish boyfriend once
They didn't speak each other's native language, so they talked in Englsh
According to what she said, she didn't love him VERY MUCH, but she couldn't express her feelings  correctly because of her lack of vocaburaly, so she said 'I love you!', and he seemed to feel   the same
The question about acting is getting bigger and bigger. <<Sorry, I don't know what this means
Some days ago, I watched the dvd ''P.S. I love you
It was showing in Japan about one and a half years ago, and I wanted to see it during that time, but I didn't have the chance to
I like romantic comedies, and also emotionally moving ones too
Though you might think I have strange tastes, I like shedding tears to moving stories
I really liked \"P.S. I love you
I really enjoyed P.S. I love you
話がそれましたが(I don't know how I should I say it in English..) PS I Love youについてですがとてもよかったです！
The music was great, the scenes were beautiful, and the leading actor, Gerard Butler, was fantastic
Additionally, the supporting actresses were cute! They made it funny
If you haven't seen it, I recommend it to you
For example,something is wrong with the sound and I couldn't type '3
Because of that,the other day when I sent an e-mail to my friend,I sent a the wrong zip-code>< 　(The code dropped '3
At first,I was planning to buy a pc made by a Japanese maker,because my husband works at a Japanese company that makes pcs
But looking around in the store,my thought had changed to buying a forghin foreign makers' one,because of the it was  inexpensiveevness. (less expensive, cheaper would be more natural
They were really giveaway giving away items
It's about 5months since I came here to New Jersey
During the 5months,there were many things of course,for example,having some parties,going to some museums,going to shopping and so on
Through those happenings, I found that what I like about this country the US is the people living here
First,in my opinion, Americans easily open up for other people comparatively
Second,I think Americans have a strong sense of responsibility,for instance,people seem dedicated to keeping up their health
Of course I like Japanese,but I like the difficulties from Japanese
I feel kind of impatient, because of my limited vocabulary
I had my friend come over tonight. ←友達が訪ねてきてくれた。
 * i have a question; My friend came to my house tonight. I think this one is better
Do those mean the same?) \"to have someone over\" means you invited them .. \"My friend came to my house\" could be either, invitation or no invitation
She has been worrying seriously about her love life, so I called her to come to my house
We really enjoyed talking, and ate a lot and drank a lot
The first drink was beer which was followed by red wine
It's already 12:30 am, and I still feel full
What is the food do you want to eat when you are really tired
My husband will be very tired when he gets back tomorrow because of a one-day business trip
What should I make for dinner
Thai, Vietnamese, Mediterranean and Indian; I love all of them.(Though,  they might not actually be called \"ethnic cuisine\" 
I like cooking too. (It's best not to start a sentence with \"and
Today I found a good web-page for Indian cuisine recipes
All of the dishes looked delicious and seemed easy to cook
I immediately made one of the spicy dishes for tonight's dinner
It was very delicious! I felt hot and so it seemed to make my blood circulation better
I'm lucky to to have found that page
There is an  event called 'Broadway in Bryantpark' held every Thursdays in July
I especially like the main performer, and I hoped I could see him
As the scheduled  the show started,  according to my expectations, he show up
His performance was just ten minutes or something, but his singing voice was amazing as usual
After that he moved under the stage and seemed kind of free, so I went near him and told to him that I really liked his performance
He was so kind, and I got a  picture with him
Journal Was Vanished
Just now,I was writing a journal entry on the web
I opened some web tabs, and I was browsing some pages
At the time,Lang-8's page was backed,and the middle of my journal was vanished>< (or disappeared
I had no choice; I wrote it again
When I was about to write a email to my friend about the date we'll we were going to meet because he can't make it up on the day that we are were suppose to meet, I just got a his email 
The email said we can meet on the day that we were suppose to meet and we didn't have to make re-schedule, so it was a very good timing
Yessterday I went to a discount department store,Century21, near the World Trade Center  to get boots
There were so many boots there, and many people were looking for boots and trying them on
When I tried some on, a woman trying on boots near me asked other people \"do you like these
Some people there answered her, and they began talking to each other about boots
It was the first time they'd met
In Japan, that doesn't happen very often
I think that exchanging the opinions with each other, especially people meeting for the first time, is great, and it's so nice in this country, the US
I saw ants in the living room today (and the number of the ants was about 5)!(The actual count of the ants sounds odd, and too specific
I haven never seen any ants before and also any insects
I went to Target to get some pesticide right away
Hopefully it works
Sometimes I'm asked about things in English, but I can't give answers very well
I think the reasons for this are English skill, vocabulary and lack of knowlege
Even if I'm asked in Japanese, I can't express my thoughts properly. 
For example, I have been asked things such as: \"What did the Japanese government do to help whith foreign disasters?\" I've also been asked for my opinion on men who see more than one woman at any given time
The first question is difficult to answer because of my lack of knowledge
After coming the US, I feel that it's necessary for me to know more about my home country now than I did before
Looking for an apartment
I carrently currently share an apartment with a Chainese Chinese man 
He is a very kindness and tidy mam
However, I'm thinking about moving to another apartment, becouse because  my present apartment is far from my office
And also, I am thinking it's time I try to live by myself. oneself for me
Now in Sydney, apartments almost are not available ,although, and rent is terribly high
It's going to be a hard job."
“I'm doubt your personality” I don't know if I know you
I had a fight with my girlfriend again last night because I forgot a little promise that I had to call to her
I thought, it was a small thing for me but it was very important things for her than what I have thought
She cursed out to me furiously about this matter
Of course, I solemnly apologize to her for my mistake seriously
Even though she said to me
“ I'm doubting your personality.” (or I don't trust you
What a terrible word
If I had been close to her, I would have settled this problem
But it is difficult to understand for our understanding each other because we are so far
Hard day's night
So I can't write in this diary these days and I'm a little bit disappointed about this
The close Towards the end of the party, one of my friends got violent when he was drinking
While we waited for the bus at the bus stop in order to go went back to home, he kicked things around there such as garbages,walls and us
When he kicked a wall of a building, a man talked him to noticed and confronted him about his act
But, he was just going to strike at hit the man suddenly
The man also was also really enthusiastic about determined to fighting with him
Around Some people around helped us to make to him stop his fighting
I don't want to make a friends with someone who drinks heavy liquor just like that
It was a hard day's night."
I went to the Jenolan caves the  day before yesterday
The Jenolan caves are regarded as Australia’s most outstanding caves
I have wanted to visit there ever since I came to Sydney; however, until today,  I haven’t had a chance to go there
The caves are so far from Sydney; they are located 175 kilometers west of Sydney
I went there with my friends and we enjoyed the drive, which was about three hours
On the way to the  Jenolan caves, we were surprised when we found a dead wombat on the road
It was my first time seeing a wild wombat, even if it was dead
When we arrived at the entrance of caves, there were many choices for cave tours
I wanted to participate in a kind of adventure tour where you can go inside very narrow and vertical holes
Because I love adventures
But my friends turned down my request
They wanted  to take part in a normal course
So, I participated in the two hour normal tour reluctantly
The caves were very beautiful and amazing
But, I was really bored by the end of the tour because I couldn’t understand the English guide
I thought 'I have to study English more
I’ll go there again and try the adventure tour next time!"
I am writing this after such a long interval (「interval」は良い言葉ですが、「time」のほうが通常です。：D) because I went back to Japan after the last dairy
And I have to take an IELTS exam next Saturday
I have not confident I will get a good score because I haven’t studied English at all while in Japan
I am writing in English now for a long time in the first place (または \"the first time in a while
I am wondering if I will have  to struggle fruitlessly this week
Anyway, I will try to do writing practice for the IELTS on this site now
So everyone, could you help me check my writing
He will spend several days in your hometown, and has written a letter to you asking for advice about things to see there
Write a letter to the colleague suggesting what he should see and do while he is in your hometown
You are looking forward to visiting my country, aren’t you
I was very pleased to hear you will be visiting Nagoya, my home town, and hope the following information will help you significantly during your stay
First of all, Nagoya is a really big city, the center of economic and business: hence, there are not many sightseeing places
However, I think you would like to see some places that are unique to my local (または home) town
I know you are interested in some kind of art museum or another such miner place
Nagoya castle is visited by almost all visitors to my local town
If you are interested in Japanese historical places, you should visit them, but I would not suggest going because they are  really common (または \"boring
Nagoya city has a lot of industry, so you will be able to seesome of that
I especially recommend you visit Toyota, which is the largest automobile company in the whole the world, as you know
If you visit there you would be able to see the process of making cars and high technology industrial machines that are the newest models
It may be that you can get Toyota's newest mini-car model
Moreover, not far from there you can find the Toyota museum that has a historical automobile collection from Toyota and some advertisement items they have used
Other interesting place are Nagoya Port Aquarium, where you can see a big killer whale and some mammal animals
It is located 10 minutes from Nagoya station by subway so it is easy to get there
As you will not have enough time in Nagoya, you probably will not be able to do much more sightseeing
I have spent about one hour on this
It’s too much time I spend!"
It was really hot last night like a Japanese summer
I’ve heard that Sydney’s summer is very dry
So I’ve thought that living Sydney's in summer is would be comfortable in comparison with Japan's
It is misunderstanding. I was mistaken. 
Most days are very dry, but sometimes it is so terribly hot and humid that we cannot sleep well
Yesterday night was exactly just like the night. like it
According to my Australian friend, it hadn’t hasn't been become like humid  like  today by since 5 years ago
The weather It seems to be affected by the global warming
The Earth is definitely becoming hot! I think you're trying to say: The Earth is definitely becoming too hot
We should do something for our Earth.  We can do it
This Year was in no time too fast for me
I feel that it will be a short time as age goes on
This year I will see the beautiful fireworks there
I’ m looking forward to see seeing it
Recently, I have been disappointed with myself because my English skill hasn’t improved ever since I came to Sydney
But I have realized that that was over-optimistic thinking
I know better now
I made a resolve to study English a number of times every day but I haven’t done this because I have always felt tired and wanted to take a nap when I get back to my room after finishing work
Although, there is a piece of paper that says “Must study English at least 30 minutes every day!” on the wall in front of my desk, but it has been meaningless
I have to take an lELTS test next year in order to get my permanent resident status but I have no confidence of getting a good score
And it seems to me that my English won't be progress anymore
I steeled myself to start running 
I made an application for a Sydney Marathon today
I lose no time in getting to run about 25 kilometers. distance
The My time was 2 hours 20 minutes
It's is a decent time for me at the moment
My time of target for full the actual marathon is within 3 hours 50 minutes
I have to maintain my training in this way toward to the Sydney Marathon
My aim of is to train ing myself to run less than 600 kilometers by on the day of the Sydney Marathon
I will do the my best!"
It is crowded in Sydney
My feeling is not so good just like as the weather
because I had a fight disputed to call with my girlfriend when I called her last night
So we are have been keeping love with a  long distance relationship between Japan and Sydney for about eight months
However, I might be limited that  to continue to get on with her
It is really difficult to keep a long distance relationship love, isn't it
I hope it will be sunny tomorrow and our relationship will be too."
The cat seems to be keeping by belong to someone but I don’t know who. have it
According to my roommate (in America), her name is Joker and she is very old
She is a really cute cat
When I leave from my apartment I am sometimes interrupted with  stopped by her since she sits down in front of my apartment
I cannot always help care about for her when I see her
To tell you the truth, I don’t like cats because I had a big dog when I lived in Japan
However, she is special to me now
Nowadays, I am looking forward to seeing her every morning nowadays
My Wife became Pregnant
My wife became pregnant
This will be our first baby
On the other hand, I am concerned about this fact because my English is poor
But my English skill is terrible as you can see
Although we live in Sydney, my wife and I usually speak Japanese during daily life when we are at home and at the office too
Because we work for Japanese company
We have not generally improved our English skills to prepare for the future
I worry about that I wonder whether I can raise our baby in this country
It is my honest concern at the moment."
We were enjoying having a yakiniku and drinking beer
I choose a Japanese beer called “Megumi” because it’s my favorite
I drank the first bottle of beer as soon as I got it and ordered another soon
I asked one of the staff to bring me a new bottle of same one while pointing at the empty bottle
It’s a frequent mistake but I was surprised at what she said
Why do I have to do it
You were the one making the mistake, weren’t you?” I said
And she said, “ I know, but I would have to throw away this beer if you don’t receive (or \"take\") it and then I must pay for it instead of you.”
“ I understand what you mean but I don’t need a Hineken
Suddenly, her face reddened slightly and she went back to the kitchen
At the moment, I realized that she had a name card attached to herself
There was written on it the word “Megumi”
The owner isn't very happy about this
I reluctantly gave in and drank up this beer
After that we went out from the restaurant and I felt that didn’t understand this matter (or \"what happened
And my co-worker said to me
“ I’m sure that I had seen her when I visited there last time too
It might be that she has been working there for as long as 3 years.”
In On (For) my birthday
My birthday was on January 7th 
My friends took me to dinner at the Uighur restaurant after finishing work
I’ve been interested in the restaurant but I have no chance to visit there I’ve ever had not yet had a chance to visit
Of course Since I’ve never been to Uighur, so I eat those ate this food for the first time
Despite it being the first time I ate, I it had a nostalgic flavor
My thoughts while I had a dinner went to were about the country 
Since Sydney is a multinational city, I think that one of the most interesting things about living in Sydney here is that we can eat some kind of foods from all over the world
Because it Sydney is multinational city
I might as well go to What kind of restaurant should I go to next time
A Day I Hated
I had hated what I did the day before yesterday
It day was my day off
I wanted to do a lot of things to do so I made a plan the night before
In my plan, I was supposed to get up at 7am and go running for about one hour as soon as I got up
I intended to study English for the remainder of the morning after taking a shower
And Then I wanted to clean my room, go shopping, swimming at the beach and of course writing diary in lang-8
But  I never actually did it
I thought about running after I got up but I was in no mood to do it and I started reading Japanese comic books on my bed
I realized I still wasn't doing it by the afternoon.   (Is this what you meant
So I moved to in front of my desk in order to study English but I slept on my desk as soon as I was reading English
I didn’t go shopping, swimming, or writing on lang-8
I never do what I want to do
What a weak-willed being
I got angry at myself
I will never make the same mistake
My nane is Kojiroh
I am trying to write in my diary for the first time
I am looking foword to your help
I'm going to introduce by myself
I am Japanese
I currently live in Sydney now
I've been here for one and half year
I haven't made progress with my English skills
I have trouble making a living because my English has not made any progress
So, I make a fresh resolve to write in this diary everyday
Could be
Please give me advice and touch up my writing
But I haven't give up writing this diary, so please don’t forget me
I decided to go back to Japan temporary next month because I get some days off
I am looking forward to seeing my girlfriend and some of my friends after (?) a long time
And I am looking forward to eating Japanese food, and of course my mother’s homemade dishes too
And then, the most of pleasure thing for me is climbing mountains (or \"mountain climbing
When I lived in Japan, I belonged to an alpine club in my local town, so I used to go to the mountains every weekend
However, in Australia, there aren’t any high mountains
I went to top of Mount Kosciusko, the highest mountain in Australia, as soon as I came to Australia
I have no homesickness, I have no food-sickness, but I have a lot mountain-sickness. （大変ですね。；＿；
When I get my day off, I usually go run about 6km around the beach near my apartment
It is pleasurable or me to run along the coastline while looking at a beautiful sea
Actually, I ran about 10km almost everyday when I lived in Japan
I’ve participated in a full marathon a couple of times
However, I can’t do it now because my job takesup too much time (about 14 hours each day
I get up at 5am and then come back my room at 9pm every time I work, so I don't have enough time to run
I can no longer run as much or as long as I used to, and I also won't be able to run in as beautiful as an environment as Japan is
I’m thinking about still running, even if only on my days off. I want to try to participate in  the Sydney marathon someday
It's a sunny day today
There is not a shared of cloud in the sky
So, I went running to the beach this morning
Actually, there is the nice beach for ten minits running from my apartment.  Actually, there is the nice beach that I can get to by running ten minutes from my apartment
I could see the really beautiful view especially today
I always have been foggetten any disagreeable happen, when I see this view. Were you trying to say: I always forget the bad things that have happened when I see this view
I am going to go to the beach again after writing this diary and visit a cafe where I can see the beach in order to study English
Studying should do be comfortabley, shouldn't it?"
The 11th of this month, that day is very important for Japanese and Australians
There is to be held the match of the game Japan vs Australia for the 2010 world cup final round of qualifiers
I am really looking forward to watching this interesting in this game
The Australian national team is very good so the Japanese national team in the group A will need to be cautious
I don’t remember that one of the game of the 2006 world cup in Germany, when Japan was disappointing, losing to Australia 3-1 in their opening game
I think that the Australian national team is still really strong now because most Australian players are playing in Europe
I expect that Australia has the edge over Japan but I don’t know what will happen in the game
Japan can’t match the Australians in rugby so I hope Japan gets back at them in the football games at least
Since 2006, we Japanese have always felt dejected
I'm supprising suprised about this site
Everyone has given me a good advice and then responses are too fast too! Are they too fast for your liking or are the responses quick
I wish I had known this site more early earlier
If I had found this site earlier, I wouldn't be worried about my writing study
I believe that my English skills are sure to progress for from this site
I liked drinking wine when I was in Japan but I have become crazy about wine since I came to Sydney
There is are good red and white wines in Australia
The act that of finding good wines which with rich and deep taste deeply is my life's pleasure in my life these days
Of course, the most important things for drinking wine is who you drink with isn't it
I hope I can drink wine with my girlfriend in here as soon as we can."
The Worst  New Year's Day
I had to go to work  on the1st and 2nd of January
The first (or \"this new year's\") days are very busy for me. (or \"are going to be very busy for me
When I came back to my room at about 9pm on the 1st of January, I was really tired
Because I usually get up at 5am to go to work, I have only slept about only 2 hours last night
I was relaxing on the sofa and (?) watching TV in (?) my room
I didn’t want to do anything because I was terribly exhausted
At that time, I realized that I had forgotten my mobile in my car
It would be serious (or \"bad\") if someone called me, especially about tomorrow’s job’s conformation
I rushed outside and closed the door
At the moment, I realized that I only had my car’s key, forgetting to bring my room key
I tried to turn the knob of the door, but it’s already too late. The door was locked
Oh my god! (or \"oh dang
I was in a panic
I had only my car’s keys and I was wearing pajamas. 
Of course I couldn’t into the room with the door being locked
However, thankfully my mobile is in my car
I called my friend and asked him to bring some wire
We tried to open the lock using wire for about one hour, but we couldn’t do it
If we can do it easily it wouldn’t be safe. (or \"Any easy way would not have been safe
I called a locksmith. I really needed him  (?) because I couldn't have gone to work tomorrow if I had not entered my room
But since today was New Years day, they didn’t answer
We tried calling them again and again
I talked to one of them on the phone and asked him to help me but, no matter how many times I asked, he wouldn't come
When we had been calling them for about 30 minutes, one of locksmith finally decided to come
He came by 20 minutes later and opened the door in just 5 minutes
Even thought it (only) cost $220, it was too expensive
It was too expensive
Normally, it costs about $100 to $130, but today was New Year's Day
I won’t be able to do some interesting things that I had planned on doing because my money for them is already spent
How careless of me
It was the worst New Years Day I’ve ever had
Christmas day will come soon, won’t it
I sent my girlfriend - who lives in Japan - some Christmas presents about a week ago
I bought a light blue scarf that is made from hemp and also bought a necklace that matches with the scarf as well
Then, I made a calendar that had some of our pictures put them in
She told me that she receiveed them when I called her yesterday
I am also being happy I can see her big smile
It was worthwhile to make it
I went to a Christmas dinner that our company sponsered
It was a big dinner because we visited one of the very famous sushi restaurants in Sydney
I don't know why they chose a sushi restaurant at Christmas but it was good for me because I love sushi
We had having a special course menu as below
It sounds like tasty doesn't it
Of course it was very delicious
We spent about four hours for having dinner and I had enjoying talking with my co-wokers
It was the most gorgeous night ever since I came to Sydney."
I usually listen to western music, as such as rock, funk and jazz.and I also like some different kinds of western cultures
But it’s when it comes to just movies, I like Japanese as far much as I like Westerns as such as Hollywood movies
I shall introduce you to an interesting Japanese movies that I recommend
The film is portrayed about the whole tragic life of a woman, who is filled with wacky character
It is her own fault, but I don’t come to dislike her
The story is miserable but the way it is presented of making composition is like a musical
It’sIt means a roller coaster emotion
I will make a fresh resolution
I expect to join the Sydney Marathon this year
When I was living in Japan I used to take part in a marathon race
I have wanted to run a marathon since I moved Sydney but I have not had a chance because of my work
And I have not made an effort to maintain to keep my motivation
However I make a fresh resolve to run at the Sydney Marathon this year for my come to bone baby will be born soon
I will be a father soon
I want to have self-confidence and a pride again for the baby
My right ankle is terribly swollen
I don’t know why it got worse
But I remember that I was bitten by some red big ants about one week ago when I was bush walking
The moment I was bitten by them, I got felt a pain similar as being stung by a bee
But the pain had gone away by a reduced few hours later, so I forgot about it
However, about two days ago, my right ankle was awfully itchy, so I saw the point (a little strange) and I realized it was really be swollen. terribly
I went to buy an ointment yesterday and put some on my ankle
An Itchy is little reducing but a swelling has stay unchanged
I have made a fool completely because it was just ants
I wonder if I should (go to) see a doctor.  (Natives would probably leave the \"go to\" out of the sentence.  This sentence is correct but it's faster and more natural with the \"go to
Sydney’s temperature is changeable changes a lot. 
As I wrote in my previous diary, Sydney was boiling hot and muggy, it might be have been over 40 degrees
But the next day, it was about 25 degrees so I felt a little cold. a little bit
Yesterday was Australia Day
Some interesting event was held at the city, but I couldn’t go. there
I stayed in my room yesterday all day long yesterday because I still hadn’t been getting any better yet
Though now, I am starting to feel better
I want to go running for a long time would like to go for a long run, but today has been raining
I hope it will be nice the weather improves soon
I am so bored."
A little late to say it now, but happy New Year everyone
I had a good time on New Year's Eve
As I wrote in my last diary entry, I went to see fireworks at Sydney Harbour
It was amazing how many things I saw
I liked to see fireworks when I lived in Japan
The biggest difference between the fireworks here and fireworks in Japan is there is not “Wabi（侘）Sabi（寂）”as in Japanese fireworks
The Japanese fireworks display usually takes about 2 hours
Usually a skyrockets are set off one-by-one (?) and fill us with emotion 
In  only 15 minutes, the fireworks are launched from least to greatest 
I do not mind gorgeous fireworks like this
I had a good time on New Year’s Eve
However, New Year’s Day was worse
I went back to Japan last month and after coming back to Sydney, I’ve been really hectic
My work has been very busy and I had to take an IELTS exam as you know by my last diary
I realized something when I was on an airplane recently
I am really bad at using the reclining seats that are provided in an economy class seats on the airplane
Though I say it myself, I hate to make someone have trouble
And then, I’m the type of person who always takes others’ feelings into consideration
To sum up; I am a timed person
As I write that, my friends might say “ You are kidding.” However, it is as true as anything else
Therefore, I can’t stand being in the reclining seat
I can’t believe that someone can recline in the reclining seat unconcernedly without permission from the person behind them
It is common courtesy that we should ask them to allow it. (common courtesy=normal manner
I never do that; I'd hate to have that done to me
I think it is an adult behavior (to ask
So I think I should ask them when I want to recline in my seat on an airplane
But it takes courage  to ask a person who I have never met
Actually, I’ve never use the reclining seat because I am a chicken
Accordingly, I make a proposal about one thing
I hope that the reclining seat will be improved for timed people
In my opinion, the reclining seat should be reclined beforehand. In that case, if someone wants to make an angle in their seat, they could do it freely. (freely=with no regard
Some days ago, in the afternoon, I was about to feed to my cat
I looked over around me but couldn't find her at all
I looked for her at the place where she was supposed to sleep
However, there wasn't anyone 
Where was she
Just as I was about to give up, I happened to glance out onto the balcony and noticed that there was a cat walking off on a handrail
It was must have been my cat
I couldn't remember
I'm living live on the13th -floor so I thought if she miss her pow slips out of the handrail, she will fall down to the graound. ground
I ran out onto the balcony and said \"Hey, chicken is ready
here you are\" with tenderly voice. a tender voice
But wouldn't you know it, she ran away faster to my neighbor's balcony
It was as if she took off like a guided missile. lol XD
She came back \/ was home after an hour \/OR After an hour she was home, and ate chicken, then started grooming with her face calmly \/ innocently \/ as if she had nothing new
Her name is Abi-chan, by the way."
Later on~    'I bought a dress.  Later on, (two days later) I realized it was the wrong size.'  Maybe a couple of days or weeks later
Right away  As fast as possible.  'My computer has a virus!  I need to get it fixed right away
After a while~  Same as 'later on
Some time later~  The same as 'later on' or 'after a while.'  But maybe indicates a longer gap of time, like weeks or months or years
As time went on~  Indicates a gradual process.  'As time went on, the tree grew taller and taller
Afterwards.   After the events you just talked about.  'The teacher gave a very interesting lecture.  Afterwards (after the lecture) he asked, 'Do you have any questions
He died yesterday,he had sick 2 years ago
He died yesterday, he was sick 2 years ago
He died yesterday. He had been sick for 2 years when he died.  This is the only correct one, because it is the only one that indicates that he was sick when he died
He fell into a coma 3 days ago.  This is an event that happened 3 days ago
He has been in a coma for 3 days.  The coma started 3 days ago and has continued until now
He had been into a coma since 3 days ago
I don't have any money.  Most natural, I think.  Strengthens that you have absolutely NO money AT ALL
I have no money.  Grammatically correct, but weaker
I have a little money.  Positive.  'I have a little money, enough that I can go to the movies
I have little money.  Negative.  'I have little money, so I can't go to the movies
I have much money.  'Much' is usually used in negative sentences, like 'I don't have much money.'  For a positive sentence, use 'a lot of
I'm so broke.  Very casual, and sounds like a teenager
I'm completely broke.    More grammatically correct
If someone asks you \"How is YOUR friend?\" and \"How is your FRIEND?\".  The part you emphasize is the part that has changed since the last sentence.  For example:  MY friend is okay.  How is YOUR friend?'  Also, 'How are YOU? and how is your FRIEND
What does the emphasis imply?"
I'm Ciwawa
one of the private schools here in Thailand
I enjoy teaching little kids, but I'm also interested to in studying English. (You like both things, so add \"also
It's my heart's desire to know English
Thank you very much
Ciwawa"
Nowadays, it has become common sense to think that everyone should have access to the higher level of education
Most of the modern societies are defending the idea of equality of opportunity
Indeed, for a long time education has been exclusively reserved for the upper social classes, but things are changing
College or university gives you the opportunity to access to knowledge from highly educated professors
Going to university is a difficult path, but if you go all the way you will be rewarded
What kind of reward you will receive
Graduated persons are more likely to play a greater role in their community
There are also intellectual and personal rewards
University teaches you how to think in a forward manner and seek new information by yourself
Those qualities will be useful for the rest of your life
I do believe that people who attend college or university in order to develop their personal skills will enjoy a life in which they can contribute to society."
But my English is bad."
I will keep a diary from now on
and I don't write a diary too either
so I think keeping a diary is will be very difficult for me
but, I challenge diary. However, I will challenge myself by keeping a diary
because I want to touch the culture of the foreign country countries
and Plus, I want to study English because of reading to read English books
Let's I will continue to write in this the diary every day for the time being."
My English Skill
In my body, there is I am 9-month baby pregnant now. 
I hope he (or: my baby) can speak Japanese & English because that's the reason why I started studying English
Reason I started studying English."
I met the some childhood friends today
My friend Yuka,she have a has two children
My friend Nao, she are is searching for a job now. (Job is a singular noun. You should have an article like a or the before singular nouns
Today is I feel very happy & I enjoyed myself."
I am nine-months pregnant now. (nine is a plural word. So you should use the plural verb months with it. 1 is a singular word. So you should use the singular verb month with 1
Everyday,I get signals which indicate how my baby is feeling to Baby's Sign
When I am listening to music my mood improves in the best sign
Social welfare is a social system that the country or society generally provides for all citizens with financial support and concession services in household, public health, environment protection and fundamental education sectors by law and polices
1.\tWelfare that meets the need of living and security such as household welfare, life support welfare and health care welfare. (Sorry, misunderstood something
2.\tWelfare that meets the need of respect and enjoyment such as establishing supporting facilities that suit the lives and activities of the old people aged, developing mass culture, sports and recreation for them, enriching their spiritual life of and providing them with concessions and care in sight seeing, touring and using public transportations
They promised that they would send it&nbsp;to me
They even didn't listen to my phonecall&nbsp; perhaps
Luckily, most of them is are very nice and they are willing to help me.Better as one sentence rather than two
I bought a pretty pair of&nbsp;hot pink shoes so I can wear the new shoes tomorrow
i went to the cafe 'alice' but there was a no seats
i mean the cafe was there were full of customers
so i went to the another other cafe
i had a strawberry smoothie and its tasted was good
but its tasted was  like just a drink which that bought before from a big market
its the sauce was so hot
a little bit of cold but fresh
I got my tooth chipped when biting chicken leg on lunch.I chipped my tooth when biting into a chicken leg at lunch today
He filled my tooth just like carving.(Carving is digging into something and emptying it. A better analogy would be: \"He filled my tooth like a turkey,\" or \"He filled my tooth like a pie.\" But, honestly, people don't usually describe getting their teeth filled in such a way. It's too exaggerated. I think you should just keep things simple and say, \"He gave me a filling
It keeped harsh to me all the treatment.Unnecessary sentence
I just felt so horrible afterwards
But it's wonderful to return me a complete tooth!But I'm really glad to have a whole tooth again. OR: ButI'm glad I was able to go home with a whole tooth!OR: But, thank God, I was able to go home with a whole tooth
Thanks god!"
今日は、献血をしました。
今までたぶん十回以上ですしています。
毎回献血する時、私は250ccと書き込んでいます。
でも、看護婦と面接したら、500ccに変更されました。
まさか体重が重すぎでしょうか？⇒まさか、体重が重すぎるのでしょうか？
Commemorative tumbler
I got up at 6 o'clock this morning to buy tumblers
Starbucks has been in Taiwan for 12 years
To commemorate, all their goods are 15% off
The 12oz tumbler is on sale for ¥1300 in Japan and $350 in Taiwan
It's less expensive than in Taiwan
My most favorite tumbler this time is the 20oz one
It's so wonderful with many funny cars and fireworks on it
Then I bought a mug with a cake pattern on it
It's a lucky day for me
But I forgot to buy the breakfast before I came back home."
映画「The Five People You Meet in Heaven」を見て
今日は仕事が終わったあとで、映画「The Five People You Meet in Heaven」を見ました。
（http:\/\/0rz.tw\/k3YIW　邦題はわかりません、ごめんなさい）「天国. の五人」この映画は二時間半で、ちょっと長すぎると思いました。
本当におすすめます！
watched the \"Michael Jackson's THIS IS IT\" and \"SPELL\" at movie theater last Sunday. (映画館: movie theater
I wrote impression of movie later, maybe... (writeの過去形: wrote
A foreigner came to my office to ask for a new research contract of a research for our job
He was English and speak spoke very clearly so I could marginally handle the discussion about work
I'm a 40-year-old Japanese who can't give up on mastering the English language
I'd like to help the people who are learning Japanese and share the passion to learn languages."
This is my first time to keep a diary on the lang-8 webpage.or: this is the first time that i'm writing a diary entry on the lang-8 webpage
I'm livinglive in the western part of Japan
It is very fine here now\/at the moment and my two daughters and their cousin are playing in the garden
I'm having a very cozy weekend!"
Osaka city has a beautiful boulevard in the center.(more natural to say: In the center of Osaka city there is a beautiful boulevard
It's width is 44 m wide and approx 4 km long
Before 1995, the heights of buildings along this boulevard were regulated to 31m and there were beautiful skylines along both sides of the boulevard
Then, after 1995, the regulation of building heights changed from 31m  to 50m
It will takes another several more decades to form a beautiful 50m skylines of this boulevard."
I started Lang-8 today
I wrote 3 comments to 3 peoples' diaries in Japanese
I am Japanese, but it was difficult to check the Japanese grammar
It became a good opportunity to know the difference between my mother launguage and other launguages well."
Today is my first time to use using Lang-8
I am a little excited
I hope I can improve my English and make new friends at here
do you know the ABC shop
Behind of this shop will have is an apartment. My home is opposite with to the apartment's parking lot."
Students who are absent from too many classes will not be allow to take the exam."
My next travel trip
I'm will deciding where to go going next month
My choice chose is Rome
Today I reserved a room at a the hotel near \"Piazza San Pietro\", and the price was very cheap!!!! [if you reserved a hotel, that implies you reserved every room in it
Yes, I'm Italian, hahaha
but in my life this will be my the first time in my life in Rome, I'm so excited about this trip, and I want to take make many pictures, and visit all the places
I will going by car, which takes only 6 hours are only 6 hours travel!"
Currently, I am studying Japanese in Taiwan, but I have found that it's not what I want
I will teach you Chinese as well
Last night, tens tons of cucumbers were sended sent to me from at my home
I thought,\"What should I do such a much with so many of cucumbers
Anyway, I just bit one
So, it's GOOD good, I wonder why it is so delicious
It's \"This is the cucumber\"  rather than \" It's a cucumber \" .It was more than just a cucumber. It was the cucumber
Figures is bad but it's no used pesticide and above all  (I have no idea what ”身がしまってる\"　say in English)They were pesticide - free, and organic. (Is this the word you were looking for? Natural
After I ate the first one, the next one Iate with salt. and the third one which is on bread with cheese and mayonnaise looks like sandwich ate it.The third one that I ate was a sandwich with cheese and mayonnaise
When I noticed, I ate about one-thirds cucumbers. a third of the cucumbers
It was completely different from yesterday, but it wasnice weather today
I went to the meeting for job training (職業訓練説明会) today
It started at 10:00
but it was very far from my apartment, so I woke up early in order not to be late.Now I'm already sleepy
I'm worried a lot about the class, but also interested init
I'm shy by nature, but I am going to work hard and be possitive this time
I made two shelves in order to be line up my stuffed toys, and did it
But, I have much more of them than I thought, so some of my stuffed toys are still on the floor
I've been confused since I read an English grammar book
In the book, I found two sentences
Hello there
It has been raining since this morning
I hate this season which is called \"tsuyu\" in Japanese
It is always cloudy and it suddenly starts to rain
I can't take a walk or even go to the grocery store
I hope tsuyu ends right now!"
To be honest, I don't have any interesting in soccer at all
but it seems that everyone has a lot of interest in soccer
I can't figure out why
Does everyone really like soccer so much
What do you think?"
I've had experience of farewell I experienced a breakup yesterday
We went out for 12 years 
My heart is too hurt,so I can't breath out well
I had cried a lot of tears, but now I can't cry well because my throat is stuffed up soon
Before I know knew it, I become became poor at crying
I'm disgusted with myself, I've lived more than for 35 years, and I don't know how to overcome such a situation
I think we have many different stuffs issues when we grow up."
It was a fine and warm day so we could stay at the second floor deck.  (Generally we would say \"nice\" in place of \"fine
It created a beautiful contrast against blue sky
We couldn’t go up to the crown because of the limitation of the height height limitation but we were quite satisfied with the view from the base
On the way to the New Jersey, we found a long line waiting for a ship to New York at the marina
Today I received had a lecture on finance
I have to learn study hard."
Recently, I felt a little lonely while walking on the street by myself
If I like to be with boys, my mother might be concerned
Ha~~~ I kind of hate to be by myself
t\tWhere to can you find a friend
t\tOne who is “always” here to help you
t\tOne who will “always” be a good listener
t\tOne who will “always” tell you a solution to a problem
t\tOne who will “always” cheer you up when you are mad (\"down\" would be a better word
t\tOne who offers you a (you don't have to add an \"a\") shelter when you are homeless
Can only those be called a \"friend
t\tEasy to find, but hard to choose one
We are your friends"
I am awaken, I am sure
When I went to the office to ask for my TOEIC score, I could not believe my ears. (在語法上這句通，可是在美國我們多數會說 I could not believe my eyes
I didn't prepare, didn't listen very carefully and  I  wrote too fast
I had 20 minutes left when I finished the reading test
The Chinese words that appeared on the bottom of the screen were really small
There were lots of people from different countries and that made it more difficult to hear them clearly
That's hard, but nothing is impossible with a willing heart
Tomorrow, I am going to present a presentation which is about the job interviews
My teacher wanted us to be familiar to the interviews
I think I am ready then
I helped my classmate to translate her interview content
Her Chinese is so good, I have faced some difficulties when I translated it
But I am sure that I can get a higher score than the last one
I felt some strange thing about the test. The test made me feel strange. (<---- this sounds more natural
Before I did the test, I didn't feel nervous, but I felt it when nervous while taking it
Maybe it's because the listening test has no time for us to rest
It just kept saying and saying talking and talking and we kept feeling more nervous
We finished this class and our classmates are going to gratuate soon
However, I like to go to places where I can walk to
Riding a scooter compared to driving an automobile not only avoids traffic jams but also saves time finding a parking space
The fare is in a reasonable price, which everyone can afford
These examples show that owning an automobile is not necessary for me because I don’t go out very often in this convenient city."
I think I would choose the one who gets the higher score on English
That’s why I chose English
But if I have to choose one, I’d like to work with a team
I can learn something from others by joining the a team
I try to think what might happen after this change
The saying goes,” Variety is the spice of life.” We add sauce when we eat, change is like the sauce that is needed in our life."
These days Lately Mexico broke out with an infectious disease, swine flu
It's like the disease, SARS, which had happened in the year 2003
Everyone should be really careful to about this one too
Bringing Having a mask with you is necessary
About 158 people died in from this flu
Q: If the world were going to end in a week, and you were the only one who knew, would you tell anyone else？
Why, or why not
A: I wouldn't tell anyone else
If I told other people, they would feel terrified, and everyone would live in anxiety
I think if doomsday were coming, the best way to pass the days would be toaccept the fact and subsist as usual. There would be noneed to change anything
My parents, my friends, the pedestrians on the road and the sweethearts in parks would all look as usual
I would memorize these as the symbol of this lovely world."
Hello
I'm a Chinese girl. I live in Beijing
I wanna learn English.. (\"Wanna = Want to\" in proper English.)"
When I write a diary，please correct my mistakes, and I hope that you can tell me the better expression
Last week I knew that he would come to Beijing in April from 豆瓣
Now April has come, but he hasn't
A little girl was wailing for her parents many times as she was looking at the heaps of debris
on a hill after Tsunami
If I had stayed by her side, I would have hugged her
After the accident of nuclear reactor happened, we have to discuss about 
what electric power we should select
I know it's not easy and many employees are working at nuclear power stations in Japan
And I didn't realize that Hukusima nuclear plant has been supporting the power in Tokyo
I live in Kanagawa area, but I wonder where our energy comes from
I did look it up, but I couldn't find it
Then I wanted to know what countries had offered support, but I couldn't find them either
I suppose our system hasn't been ready to accept all of their support
Jusenn Asukawa, who is a professor of Tohoku's institute for enviromental strategies
gave us three issues. (上の文章とひとつで）
I want to share two of them here
Government,Companies,Spesialist said \"reclamation possible is cost high\" (すみません。ちょっと意味が日本語からも、どうやくせばいいかわからないのですが、そのままにしておきます。）
We can't save energy anymore\" and so on
And we have to think what we need for our life or children
about this
how easily people would die
However, twenty thousand people die in undeveloped countries every year
in floods or tsunami. Those people die every day. 
In brief, even a typhoon causes tsunami
If the impact of global warming increased
two billion people would suffer from floods in 2050. 
So we shold reflect on environment, earthquakes, and energy
We have to make new systems and we have many responsibilities
I used to excuse that I didn't have time for a long time
Varied generations have tried to give advice to solve the problems in the newspaper
For example, if we want to support for the farmers who can't sell their vegetables because of the harmful rumor, we should set up the place to sell their vegetables at supermarkets
However, this time we need to know what's correct for us
It's because we got really confused because of the rumor
Then I've seen many professional workers on television or radio
I had my hair dyed at the beauty shop today after a long time
The color is black and my hair looks better than before.(Complacence) 
I have to drink collagen tomorrow
I don't want to drink it, because the taste is so bad. (wanna は口語です。お友達と、チャットの時に使ってください。）
Sadly, I need their support! (コンマの後に、スペースが1つ）
Women have a lot of trouble with their skin after they turn 30
everyday is crazily cold here
you might be not be accustomed to cold weather here
I'm really anxious looking forward to come spring('anxious' is usually used for something negative. In your original sentence it means that you don't really want spring to come
I really want spring to come over here early."
The kind of person I want to be
Sometimes I feel like I'm not making any progress
So, do I think too much about unnecessary things?"
I watched the film \"Transamerica
the story is about a father's of gender identity disorders and his son goes on a journey of American Continent crossing
their performances perfectly expresses the complicated relationship between of two guys. 
I especially love the conversation of father and son in at the last scene
I wonder why I cannot wake up earlyduring\/on holidays
does anyone do anything to do so for me
it's alreadypast 12pm when I wake up
I can do soduring theweekdays without any trouble
this strange things happensduring each holiday."
Japanese summer is sultry. (humid sounds more natural here
I'm so tired of Japan's summer weather
Now Japan is very hot and humid
but a humidity in Japan is always very high
My friend who is in Korea said the same thing
This friend and I were in Russia until last year
So I feel so comfortable when I stay in Russia
Of course the winter in is very cold
If I have a lot of time, I'll immediately go to the sea or pool!"
Now I go to the car driving school
Lately I have been going to the car driving school to get (or) obtain a driver's license
Today I climbed a slope and went over a railroad crossing. （うわぁー！危険ですね！イタルさんは大丈夫ですか。これからも、気をつけて下さいね！）
I have been thinking about driving a car for a long time but I never had time to do it. と行った方がいいと思いますね。
Tomorrow I'm going to drive an automatic car
Recently every day has been very exciting
If I get the driver's license, I would like to drive to various places in Japan."
Nice to meet you. My name is ITARU OGAWA
If you want to study Japanese, please, send me a message
Hi everyone, this is the first time I login on this website
I find it very interesting and helpful
Thank you for the helps in the future:)"
My second finger is still in pains yet
It's difficult to I take use a pen and others now
From now on I have to be more careful on door."
→오늘도 더워요
→도서관에 갈 예정이에요
→ 시험 공부를 할 예정이에요."
It's a rainy day
This morning I went for a walk in the park　
I was wet on the train
I`m feel so Sorry, It is not a diary
What are you how to post videos on the lang-8?(Do you kown how to post the video to the lang-8?)or(Please tell me how to post the video to the lang-8.)or(How can i post the video to the lang-8
I can't post it.(I don`t kown how to post it.)"
It's chilly now.（急に肌寒くなりました。） In typical English writing, you always need a verb and a subject. In this sentence, the word \"It's\" is both the subject and the verb because it means \"it is\". The subject of the sentence is \"it\" and the verb is \"is
I am Yesterday, I wrote a diary about the festival in Kumamoto called \"the coldness after the festival\", which is known as “zuibyouganya” in Japanese. I changed \"cold\" to \"coldness\" because it is confusing since \"cold\" sometimes means \"sickness\". Also, please make sure to use quotation marks whenever you define something. 
why We call it “zuibyou\" because the festival was originally a soldier procession. In proper English, the first word of a sentence is always capitalized. I added \"it\" because the verb \"cold\" needs an object. Furthermore, I added \"the\" because you're talking about a specific festival
And \"ganya\"is means the \"border of colder days\". colder the day the border
In that way, Thus, it is very cold today（てことで、今日はとても寒く感じる。） I used the word \"thus\" since you're trying to show the relationship between the festival and the cold weather. I also added \"it\" and \"is\" since the sentence needs a subject and a verb."
アメリカという国は人種のるつぼであり、世界の中でもとても不思議だ変わっている。
彼らは生まれた時から素晴らしい骨格体格を持っている。
Dose he have two names
I Was studying studied English at in high school
But I believe that I can't speak it well
I believe that it
Today's diary
I am starting to write a diary
But I am not good at english
Today, I met Jyanet
Jyanet is my friend's wife
I am speaking english more
But I didn't speaking much
Today is very fun
That' s all
I'm slyeepy
Others believe that it is costly and that the money should be used for other things that are happening now on the Earth."
My Holiday
It is nice to clean
Do you know about kotatsu
Underneath the kotatsu is very warm
I love my kotatsu♥
I would be happy if you correct my diary
I got up 4:50 a.m because I had to get on a bus early this morning
In fact, I am going back to Tokyo today
I arrived at the Haneda Airport and went directly to my grandfather's house
He became thin and he can't speak well anymore
I am so sad but I want him to get better so I'm going to his house tomorrow!"
My First Time Writing! 
It's my first time writing on Lang-8
I came to London about 10 months ago, and started studying English
It is still a bit hard to speak fluently
when I first came here, I couldn't speak English
Of course, I knew some words and had a opportunity to talk with a native english speaker
shy (because I'm Japanese
haha) that's why my english hasn't improved within the first few months
but everyone said to me \"try to speak a lot, even if you make a mistake. Otherwise your english won't improve!\" so I tried speaking a lot
I made quite a lot of mistakes and sometimes felt down
but that's the best way to improve language skills
you can't improve speaking a second language without making mistakes
these sentences might have many mistakes, but never mind
I'm going to live here another for couple of years
hope I can become more fluent English
I hope someone will correct my English
During I was a college man, I often wrote in English
So, I was interested in English, but I fear
And I expect to develope my English ability
The necessary ingredients are only 5 eggs and 4 bars of chocolate only！
First, I separated an egg. info yolk and while
Then, I beated the egg whites to the stiff-peak stage. \"Stiff-peak stage\"　わ何ですか？りょうりしないんだから。＾＾
After that,I mixed the meringue and yolk with the melted chocolate
Finally,I baked them minute in the rice cooker for 45 minutes. ”Ｍｉｎｕｔｅ”は何ですか？
It was very easy, but it was pretty good too!"
That's the same day as Christian Dior
I majored in social science at the in college
I'm yYoko
The rRicecookers is are so useful
★What Whoseyour favorite alother author
I often read the fashion magazines calledlike \"Can cam\" , \"Ray\",and so on. (for this sentence I guess \"called\" is okay but \"like\" seems more natural
Because the models for that those magazines is are very beautiful so I can be it isa feast for my eyes
I was an editor
It's a fashion magazine
My office dealed dealtin a variety of brands: Tiffany,Gucci,Dior,Prada and Coach
Tiffany products is are beautiful
★What do you do in on your weekends？
I like waching TV, again mostly comedy shows,and listening to the music,cooking,hanging out with friends,chatting with foreign friends
I especially like the Matcha ice cream
Socially, but I'm a light drinker
I've been to Italy, Franch France and Germany on a graduation trip
I'm born the first girl of two children. I'm the oldest of two children
I' m going on a working holiday in March but my English skill is very poor
My purpose want is to study English and improve my writing\/speaking skills up
It is too cold to ride motorbikes in this season
I have seen people who ride a motorbike in my island of Okinawa in this season
But, the cold there is not as cold as here cold
So, they can ride the motorbikes
By the way, It is past two month that since the day of I promised myself I don't won't ride a motorbikes regardless if I have a driver's lisence or not
Can I ride the motorbike now? I don't have enough confidence
I know this is a really silly thing
I won't ride it for more than one year and more
Permanent (Perm is a more common term for this hair styling
I told my aunt a few days ago
I want to have a permanent. How much does it cost to have a permanent? ”
She responded
You want to have a permanent
You would should better ask my friend
She will probably do it for you  because she really likes you
So, It is set to have a parmanent within this year. (Do you mean it will last a year or persist for a year? Or, you have an appointment for a perm this year
First, how strong or weak of a permanent should I have?(strong or weak
Second, I don't have confidence whether enough length of my hair am not sure my hair is long enough
I had been having a permanent before
it was not very cool so much and kind of weak
I have a girl friend who I got acquainted with by a joint party
We met to eat dinner together last thursday
and we send e-mails to each other almost every day
I think she is a pretty girl but I dont know if I like her or not
Are you a person who laughs a lot or not? I think that ifyou have a friend who laughs a lot
many people will have a good impression for about them
You don't get pissed off easily at people who are laughing.[pissed off is a rather rough word, I would say \"angry\" instead or \"You don't get irritated easily...etc
They always don't laugh loudly and make voice.[I'm not sure what you are trying to say, \"make voice
It looks bear to laugh.[??? sorry I can't understand your sentence here either
The way of laughing is important to give them a good impression
Besides, I heard that not laughing properly is not good for your health
That is why I want to laugh loudly when I laugh
By the way, I was wondering that what did \"Monster's Inc\" mean
I recently got it."
What do you do when you want to listen to any music while you are using your computer
I had been using a? HP that you can choose a category are classified by artist or title or 90's Hits or stuff like that
Of couse you can search for a song by artist name or title name
Anyway, I had been using it untill I find found Internet radio
The reason that I changed from that HP to Internet radio is that HP can only hold about only to 10 songs at a time in the case that I searched a song by any keyword
Its bottleneck is (The disadvantage is that ) I can't choose a music that I like at time that I like
see below
Three months later, I will be going to the university in Hokkaido, Japan as an exchange student
So, I have been thinking about some things in Hokkaido
For example, how cold is it over there
How much will it cost me to live there for a month
such questions
I applied for a scholarship
But I still have not received any response from them
I heard that they will send out a notification during this month
I hope I can recieve get the scholarship. ((\"I hope I get the scholarship\" or \"I hope they give me the scholarship\" are more common phrases in my opinion
I am supposed to  get about 300,000 Japanese Yen for a year if I get selected
I am excited to be there soon
The Japanese is are known as to be polite to people, and they can't say things clearly to other countries. <directly to people of other countries
So I was said told that you should say clearly clearly say \"Yes\" or \"No\" when I came here by my aunt anyway
I think that the japanese should follow foreigner's attitude for toward people
I think that there are exceptions though
In some stores, they always say \"Excuse me\" when they go through in front of people who look at the goods
I admire that they do that every time
and they always keep the door opening open until for people who are about to go out or into through in if there are people behind them
so I think that the Japanese should follow foreign attitude toward people as much as possible they can
it is I could hear the words of what they said and understand it but I couldn't understand quickly itwhat they said
I take a time to understand what they say
and The conversation is gone and next words are coming while I am (still) thinking
I need to get used to understanding quickly.what they say and how they say it
What exactly should I study? or What should I study in particular
I'm thinking about it\/that now."
I knew it exist
it was a girl
But she looks was much older than her age
She wanted to put make up on her face and wear fancy clothes like other teenagers
She said that she's been called a \"Monkey\" in her school
I felt sad when I heard about that
I hope medical technique will be developed more instead of others (the old one)."
There is a  typhoon  near Okinawa 
 Because of it,Okinawa has  strongwinds and heavy rains
I have not  gone to driving school because It  has been raining
I wish  the typhoon would go away soon."
The Girl
I found met a pretty girl in my 4th period class on Monday
Tomorrow is Monday
I'm thinking about how I should approach her. to talk to her first
Do you guys have any nice good ideas?"
I go shopping at the shopping mall in the morning to buy winter clothes
I left the house at past 9 o'clock and I headed there by car
Although I did not decide to buy any particular clothes
But I did not like it so much
There was a quite  jacket that looked really cool
Now I am satisfied about shopping."
My Town
There is nothing which I can say about why you should see this once in my town at least once
Although we have an American base, its not really something to be proud of
But, it is not pround thing
One day a traveler came to my island. He went from city to city on his bike while being recoded for a TV show. 
The show was broadcast once a week for 30 minutes
it was 30 minutes
He started from south
The traveler stopped by every town he passed by. He would do different things for the show such as trying out local dishes, play games, get drunk, go dancing or singing
Just socializing with people
But for my town, where nothing stands out, he could have passed nonstop since all he did was eat a big burger. 
so he almost through my town without doing something
Since all he did was eat a big burger
Wasn't even that big to begin with
I guess thanks to that big burger, I can say my town is a bit more well known
I thought then that we didn't have something we are able to be proud."
I often heard that the american guys like chubby women. (They are called \"chubby chasers
Is it true?Surely, I often saw coupleswhere there was a skinny american guy and chubby okinawan woman getting out of club when I went back home from bowling center after midnight(its closer morning though
I admit that there are people who like chubby people in japan as well. (I like 春菜 from ハリセンボン
It leftme withthis question
Are chubby women american guys's type
If they are, Is it because American guys are used to seeing chubby or fat woman
I often think that american people should adopt a healthier diet or die sooner. (did you mean or they will die soon
If you felt displeasure, I will apologize you. (If I upset you, I apologise)"
In an about month, I go back to Japan
AlthoughIts Although it's about one month left
I am thinking, \"What would make the best gift for friend now
In the past, I gave them Adias' watches. I
I wonder how much they cost me? 120 dollars maybe. I don't remember the exact price
I am considering giving them a buckle
What do you think I should give them
Can you recommend something?"
had have youever heard ofthis sound?How did you like it
Hearing this sound first, I was shocked\/flabbergasted (teach you a new word)thatto see such a performance a sound is existing in the world
It has there are six different methods\/ways ofto make sounds
I didn't really understandcouldn't distinguish thedifference between of those
I only understood that saw themouth\/lips was seems moving
Population of do theof thekhoomii (tribe?) is keep going to decrease declining in Mongol
But, there are people who do the khoomii in another country.(not quite sure what this phrase means
I heard There is arumour saying that doing the khoomii will is shrink your life time span(killing your life time
But I'm gonna try to it anyways."
My younger brother recently bought a cell phone and my mother changed her cell phone to a new one
It makes me wonder whether I should change my cell phone now or later
I have used my current cell phone which I have now since about two years ago
but I also think that I would waste the money by buying it
I don't have a digital camera
I use the cell phone to take a picture instead of a digital camera
The camera function of recent Japanese cell phones is pretty good
Those are as good as digital cameras
the shop has a \"die-verse\" (the first part is long, and sounds like だい　（大） selection of fruit
I received an e-mail that from an ex-girlfriend 
I am confused because I did not expect it
What would you do if you were in my position
Tomorrow two of my friends are going to go to another prefecture in Japan to earn money
Together with them, and few of their friends we drunk yesterday to cheer them
Their flight seems to supposed to depart at around 10 a.m
M
I am thinking that I want to go somewhere where English is spoken for a working holiday in the world
so I have to set aside lots of money
I think a plan is finding a part-time job where I can live in the work place and get meals from the work place so that I won't spend money on rent and meals
I tried to finding one and found few. [or: \"I tried searching and found few
Besides, they can hire only during the summer vacation or winter vacation. [I think this is what you mean
That's good for me
I wonder are there any jobs that are easy and have high pay
NEET is stand for Not in Employment, Education or Training. NEET stands for Not in Employment, Education, or Training
I mean they are not working and not going to school. That is, it refers to people who are not working or going to school
Most of them stay home all day and kill them spare time by using computer, reading comics, playing games or something
Can you think about that?Are they in your country as well? ??What do you think about that? Are they in your country as well
Nowadays people who are like them are increasing and It is a problem in Japan
I heard there are more than six hundred thousand
If this problem keeps going in the future, Japan would be breakdown
The social system could would not work at all
The current social system is based on people whom working
If nobody worked, It nobody could would live
They apparently think It is good that as long as they are alive. Apparently, they think that it is good to be unemployed as long as they are alive
What are they thinking?Did they grow up by themselves? No way
What made them become like that
This is big problem for us. This is a big problem for us."
There is show called American Idol on TV in America
People who apply to audition are auditioned in it. appear in it. (This sounds more natural
It discovers people who has have brilliant talent
They has truly truly have amazing skill
To tell Looking at the Japanese idols, there is big difference between America and Japan
Japanese idols are more focused on their looks
Looks is mainly concerning their face
it is
I think that they have surely neat face. really have nice faces but, if I were asked \"Do they have remarkable skills?\" (You can combine these sentences for a more natural feel
I admit some of them do have high levels in singing or dancing. or something skill
I admit it. 
I mean guess, I am jealous of them."
Speaking
Some of people who use this site record their speaking and upload it (their speaking) here
I think this is quite a nice idea. (\"This\" sounds better because your referring to something that was just mentioned
I have found this to be a good for practicing speaking
But, I feel too embarrassed to do it myself. (Is this what you mean
I haven't found a good way to practice speaking
So I think I will try this
So I'm planning to go shopping to buy a headset with microphone and upload my speech to here."
Chilly (Titles are capitalized! 
Today is was chilly. \/ It was chilly today
I was not wearing socks today (another way of saying this is \"I forgot to wear socks\") 
because I was ran out of socks
However I am not worried
because I don't have plans to go anywhere
But My aunt asked me, \"Let's go shopping,\" and I decided to accompany her
She said, \"It's very cold outside. Why don't you borrow your uncle's socks
I responded, \"I'm OK. Don't worry,\" and left home
It was really cold outside
I regretted not wearing socks
I expose myself to English everyday because I'm in the US now. (I would combine the first two sentences
But, the circumstances will end up changing that circumstance in four days. (By the way, you don't always need a comma after 'but.' I personally don't like it unless it's to break up the thought on purpose
This is not good for learning English
However I can do nothing about that
I will intend to take some time for exposing myself to English as much as I can. (\"take some time\" and \"as much as I can\" are fixed expressions
You know, nowadays I can have a exposure to English by using the internet anytime I want
I think that I will watch American TV shows from now on too
I changed some of my favorite homepages' interfaces to English
Of course, I will listen to English songs or radio programs (fortunately I can hear the American radio on my island because of American base) in the car while I drive."
It is difficult for me to tell someone what something is
For example, if you were asked, \"What is hospital
How do you tell someone about it? I almost couldn't do it
How should I tell them, I thought to myself. 
It's a place where you go to be treated
It's where you should go if you get injured
If you were me, how do you describe it?"
There is a word that we (Okinawans) think is standard language but Japanese (except Okinawan) don't think it is not
Okinawan usage is the same as English
Okinawans can understand its meaning each other
But, I have to say it this way to Japanese
I was wondering about this since I started studying English
Concert
I watched the concert in the church
The concert was used performed with a violin and a piano
Two people played a violin and a piano
One was a man and one was a woman
They were a couple
I heard that they met in the music academy
They were worthy to be couple
Their music was truly matching
By the way, I got a mouse with one dollar
I may have gotten good better thing than I thought
How do you say オリオン座流星群　in English
stars group of orion? Orionids
At any rate, I will watch it the day after tomorrow
can you only watch it in Japan only
I am sorry  that I don't know  much about stars
you can watch from twenty to fifty If you are lucky . (I don't understand this
Wao (??)"
I have a laptop computer which is installed windows 7. has Windows 7 installed on it
I remembered, something by chance, that this computer has function of can use Gadgets
I have known since before. that for a while
I had not though that it was convenience. didn't think it was that convenient, though
I thought a moment ago that this might be able to be used for memorizing english words
I will use gadget of memo. the memo gadget
I write words which I want to memorize so that I would never use the computer without looking at the words
Iwill see those words more often
I will try anything which helps will help me to learn english
Fuji that is covered with snow(snow capped) on your left side, When I was riding in the airplane to go to Tokyo from Okinawa
Needless to say, it's a nice view
I would like to try to climb the Mt
I need to buy hand gloves. (as opposed to what kind of gloves? w
I can see my breath in the morning."
Nowadays many people seem to use the face book.Facebook
I was recommended that asked why I don't use the face book
I don't know what I can do on with it
before I signed up it, I searched about looked it up with on wekipedia.Wikipedia
So, Face Book Facebook is the fifth mostvisited website best have with unique users in the world of internet
It is followed by Microsoft, Yahoo, Myspace MySpace and then Face book.Facebook
I will try to use it anyways."
I just watched the movie called named Avatar
You often see its advertisement on TV recently
I went with my younger brother, my aunt's friend and her nephew
Her nephew was the boy whom I told you yesterday
Is Japan it already popular in Japan that style?I don't know
because I hadn't gone to the theater for a long time\/before
Of course, this was my first time watching a movie in US
I think that as you will watch it some day, so I am not going to tell you about it
it's also inside including with 3D effect
I'm celebrating Christmas today because I am in the U.S. right now. Today is christmas because this is U
S
My uncle and I ate the turkey My uncle that he had been made cooking turkey since in the morning and we ate it
While we were eating he asked me, that \"Do you try to drink this
and pointing pointed at the wine
I said, \"Yes, that I wanna (want to) try
He said that the wine is good goes well with turkey because it cleans one's mouth
Dinner was so delicious
We played the Domino (dominoes?) after dinner
I lost; I didn't have too much luck this time.so much that I lost it
I am drinking Smirnoff now
It's been ages since I last drank liquor. I hadn't drunk liquor for ages."
Script
I was using the internet to look for tips on how to study English
and Then I found a method how to study english using movie's script
First,  you read a movie's script and kind of try to understand what they say
Next, You watch the movie only sound without subtitles. 
Then, You watch it again a movie with subtitles
I thought I would try it and see. see and So I started to looked for a good movie and it's script
It is easy to look for scripts on the internet
But I didn't could only find only \"Ocean's Twelve
Ocean's Twelve\" looks like difficult
I will tell you about a Japanese TV program
It's a variety program
It is named \"Tamori Club\"(tamori is the person's name
I like this one part of Tamori Club. (sounds more natural
Part of the song sounds like Japanese to us
First \"hey hey what's up?\" sounds like \"sorry
I little sleptover overslept a bit this morning
When I woke up
it was already past twenty minutes past
So, I was late for the class little bit
First we reviewed yesterday's things topics first
This was second time for me because I learned it as when I had come came here before 
But, I had forgotten it how
I wrote five million dollars on the check for my friend who lives in Okinawa
She seemed not didn't seem to need my help
Mouse
I have a laptop with a touch pad
But it is not easy to use
So, I want to get a mouse that use for control my computer
Not the animal mouse though
Do you know about how much it is? I want to buy it as cheap as possible."
I don't know whether it's still around now or not
A swindler aims at the old people who live alone
The swindler phones them and says, \"オレオレ\" without saying a specific name, making them assume its their son
The swindler pretends to be their son so that they could make them pay the money
The swindler says that they got in a traffic accident so they need money soon, or something like that, and make them pay the money into swindler's bank account
At first sight, it sounds like it might not succeed
I'm trying to study English by listening to a song over and over(Is there any difference between \"over and over\" and\"time after time\"?). 
I heard that my ears will get used to hearing English sounds in detail by doing that
The method is to listen to a song more than 100 times first
Next 100 times, confirm the lyrics and the pronounciation
I hope It is an effective way to improve my listening skills
And now, do you know the song which is fun and slow tempo
I often think about what I would do if I were a comedian doing a TV appearance
I watched ame talk, which is a Japanese TV show
Apair of comedians appeared on it
Comedians often form a combi (In Japanese, \"combi\" means a pair of comedians
The subject of that show was about comedians who formed a combi with their long time friends they graduated high school with
Each combi told us their story about their high school experiences
They told us about their story with humor
After all, theyhad a hilarious time at school
I wondered about what I'd say if I had to tell a funny story about my own school days."
I have not written any journals recently
I've been busy moving to a new place
So everything's (new and) interesting
New people, new university, new house, and new environment
I've enjoined those things
I will write another journal sometimes if I have some free time
There are people who write a journals along various topics here
People write about their life, like what they like to do then,  and their philosophies.someThey also post questions that they have, introduce themselves, share their love stories, their plans in for the future, newssome topics from the news, sentiment about videos, and etcetera
Anyway, this is so interesting to me
I can am able to get the knowledge gain insight of their people's thoughts here by reading their journals. 
Somebody says  It has been said  that you should start to study of grammar when you meet the  encounter problems that is what you want to say but you don't know how to say in language you say.communicating your ideas in another language.  
I wonder if you get what I want to tell you. (I wonder if you get what I'm trying to tell you.)"
I mentioned the internet radio (in my previous entry). You can add \"in my previous entry\" to the end of your sentence, if you want to. It makes more sense if you do, but if you don't, that's okay
Kidmanさん and Joshさん told me Pandora Radio afterward
I accessed the site after reading their response right away
To change the subject
I played Scrabble
Americans are supposed to know it
My brother, teacher, and I played the game in my ESL class
Of course, the teacher won
I could not be the winner
She is American, and I am Japanese. Native American means the indigenous people who live in America before the Europeans and everyone else immigrated to America. Mmm...if you don't understand what I mean about that, think of Pocahontas. She's Native American. 
I don't understand this sentence
I would like to beat her someday. \"Win her\" means you're trying to take her from another guy like in a love triangle. \"Beat her\" is what you should write instead because \"beat\" is the same as \"win against
I will compare with my English skill with my brother's
It is clear that his skill is much better than mine is
He has studied English longer than I have
I'm sorry, but I do not understand this sentence
I only have to study harder
Just do it.[Nike's slogan? xDDD lol
However, (always use comma after \"however\") regardless of his skill, he doesn't speak to people so much
I often think about this
He should be able to speak more. (This sentence is grammatically correct. But, I think having \"be able to\" gives a different meaning that what you intended
Although I don't know what he is thinking about. (This is an incomplete sentence. You need another clause following it. \"Although..., ....\" If I am understanding your intention, then you should have written: \"Although I don't know what he is thinking about, he should speak English more often
While I'm in the U.S., my aim is to get used to hearing the English pronunciation and actually saying it correctly
The time left is only about one month
I mean one part of the Japanese song is sounds like English to people in (America or England
I woke up early in the morning to go there attend class
I haven't been getting up in the mornings because I've had nothing to do
I enjoyed it, of course
To begin, with we wrote information about ourselves on some a piece of paper
Then we introduced ourselves to each other because there were new students
Everyone asked what my name was, where I was from, and how long I had been here for
One thing happened that I was happened surprizsed me
There is person someone who might be relative related to me
I'm am not sure yet
we Taking a break, During a break, I read a reference book
A Person who student from Poland asked me that May she asked if she could ask me something
and sShe continued that and asked Wwhat was my last name was
and I answered replied with my last name
sShe started to explain why she asked me about it
Simply speaking there was person someone who married with a man that has the same last name as me in her family
So, I and she me and her might be family
At any rate I asked her that if he was he from Okinawa Japan
She doesn't didn't know
However, she said that she will ask him about that
By the way, the reason that why she noticed about it is that Every students write name on piece of paper to confirm for present or absent was because she read the register.(A register is a list of students which teachers use to keep record of whether students have been present or absent
She looked at that paper
It is will be interesting Iif it is true."
On the internet, we sometimes say \"troll
I often use a the internet on computer
So, It is reasonable common to see the opinions of people who have various ideas
I often find people who are annoying and bullying someone on over the internet
It is meaningless
Although we do need arguments that have meaning
I want to say loudly shout \"Don't spend your precious time for on dull things!\"."
Especially when I watch the same TV show as before
and when I listen to music
I think this is a big step for me
Come to think of it, my aunt had us make cheese cake
it included a Cranberry sauce
It's taste wasn't too bad
She said to me \"I put too much Cranberry sauce in it
Don't use more than half a can
She also made normal cheese cake
but, I couldn't have any
I heard she is going to take it somewhere."
I heard about a story of a woman in South Korean newspapers who passed her driver's license test. 
Only at the 950th time
Long time ago, I saw that woman on some TV show
She passed the exam with the minimum score
She seemed to wait for the next exam
And she had to drive on the road
Can she actually do that?She was told that if she succeeded the first time, it was the luck of the draw
I heard it costed her 4200 dollars
Although maybe I may must should not mention the religion, (this isn't a complete sentence on it's own
There is will being not to say the complaint of the religion. (This sentence is not understandable. Did you mean you have a complaint about religion you need to share
People here is want to learn second or third language
So, I believe you can think about another religion from you. than your own
I think most people have some religion
But, notall. everyone
As far as I know there is one person who has a sturdy religion around my space.near me
I think having some religion a few in Japan. (Are you saying \"Few people arereligiousin Japan\" or \"Japan has only a few religions\" 
The meaning of Christmas is not known to almost people
I was looked at strangely by people who have some religion(You can say \"religious people\") when I said that I didn't have any religion
I think I live in various idea from various people. (Do you mean you live in different ways matching others, or differently from others
I am supposed to go back to Okinawa by way of Washington and Tokyo on the day after tomorrow
The flight will departs at around 11 am(I'm not sure
I need to check it)I will go to the airport with my aunt, and uncle, and my brother by car
I will ought to have a breakfast by stopping by the restaurant before we get to the airport
I wonder when will I come to the US next time
I think that I want to come here again someday if I have enough money then to come here again
I have some business that I will have to do as soon as I get home
If I will be free for about one month expect it though.I am not sure what you are saying here. Sorry
I intend to take advantage of that time to learn more English and hang out with my friends
Maybe I won't see them for one year or so from then
Iwas tryingto find Icarly's transcript
then I found a site where the scripts are written
but theyare not showing the whole transcript
it is not written start from the begining of conversation
Transcript starts fromhalfway
I wonder where I can get the complete one
by the way, I found this site
it is heavy a bit. (not sure what it means
If you know the site which has thecomplete transcript, please tell me."
My older sister started to study English by listening to some CDs which she bought them from the company which helps people to learn various things like painting, computer skills, flower arrangement and stuff like that
I heard that she will intend to quit her current job and go to my aunt's house in the US for few months in this summer
There are not many people at her work place because many people quit recently
My family told her to quit her job because they overwork her
besides, they pay her a very low salary
Her work seems to deserve a higher salary though
I have to find an apartment in Hokkaido, Japan because It I am set to go to a university in Hokkaido there from April this year for one year until next year
I had have not yet found properly an apartment
Althought I have already gotten material of apartments from their support group
I thought that \"what is necessary for me?\" I don't need a spacious room
I need an environment which I can to be able to connect to the internet, and furniture, and some electronics use for housework household appliances
And then I hope that rent will costs me within less than 30000 Japanese yen a month. (When you say \"yen\" I assume it is Japanese
I have to call to the support group first
But, We have there is a time difference in time zones between I and it."
Its title is \"Tomorrow's Memory\"(am i right
it is where Ken Matsudaira acts as a character with Alzheimer's disease
First, his symptoms were light, such as forgetting a co-worker's face
but his symptoms gets worse
Finally he forgot his wife's face
I would not be  able to endure this if I were in her position."
Sometimes you lose the motivation to study
I wonder what this is called
I think everyone has had this experience. OR I think everyone has gone through this phase. OR I think everyone has felt this way
I am in this condition now a bit
How do you overcome it?I think It will leave someday if you do nothing
The problem is that How can you overcome it as soon as possible
Nobody helps you
You have only to do it by yourself
Shiny Nail
In the morning, my brother said that he was going to the mall
So I accompanied him because I needed gloves and I've been searching for a nice-looking pair of gloves
It was getting cold outside
As I was leaving a shop, a sales clerk suddenly asked me a question, \"How old are you
That who was sale clerk
I responded, \"twenty-one
Really, twenty-one
Yes), really
I couldn't remember what she asked and I didn't really understand the question
She polished my pointer finger's nail with some machine
It was shiny
Then, she showed me something that resembled a pen case
It had 2 or 3 things inside
I refused and said \"It's great but I don't need it because I am a man
You can give it toyour mother or your girlfriend
She gave up trying to sell it to me and said \"Ok, have a good day
My pointer finger's nail is still shiny."
Translate or Translation
I have translated what they were saying in some American TV show to Japanese recently
Actually, it is for children
So many times there are many phrases I don't know
However, I'm sure that it could help me very well to study English."
I watched a musical today
Although I couldn't understand what did they said but I enjoyed it visually
They had did such as mic performances, tap-dancing, singing a song and play instruments
It took a time for about two hours including break time
I went to there with my aunt's friends, who are elder ladies
I did had a good experience at there."
Poteto Potato chips
It is difficult to use a mouse or keyboard while you are using your computer and eating poteto potato chips
because you mind sticiking chips' salt with it. because the chips' salt sticks, and it is annoying
but However, it can be hassale hassle to wipe it every time
A toy's factory company picked on it. noticed the problem
and invented something to solve it
It sounds like stupid
but, it's true
Can it come to Will it be used
Do you want to try to use it?"
I recognized realised that speaking in English is difficult
I had wasinvited to the party that which was held by my aunt's friend had
There was a child who was my aunt's friend's nephew
I played withhim all the time at that party
He was talkative and he talked to me a lot
I could understand half of what he was saying said
Although he seems to not care that I couldn't could not understanding
I may be able to ask some questions
But, I am poor at remarking making remarks and expressing my feelings."
My uncle bought the some Apple cider a few days ago
I had him theach tell me about it because I had not never seen it
At first, I was thinking Apple cider is was Apple soda
But it was not
Because cider also means pop soda in Japan
I found it out that cider is not the same as soda pop that time
But it is in It's japanese english
We have many japanese english words like that
America does too
I'm trying to call american english called american from now on
To tell the truth, I have not drank it yet
The TV is Playing the \"umbrella\" sung by Rihanna and Jay-z, which I was studying
It was awesome and too cool (This isn't really necessary
It is 5th best in my list of favorite songs."
I went to my aunt's friend's house and ate sukiyaki today for dinner because today is last night was chiristmas eve
I had never eaten it for a long time
I heard that yesterday's dinner was is turkey
I guess I will be satisfied for dinner tomorrow's dinner too
I am sure(I bet?)I am a lucky man
Yesterday, I thought that my pierces was getting dirty and I washed them
They are circle and there is a round part like a ball of it is ball
It is getting hurt pain When I try to take to cartilage
I am wondering what should I do them."
I wrote in my last entry that I would buy a headset which was with a microphone to record my voice for bettering my speaking skills
I bought it the day before yesterday and I tried using it
it's mic records only loud sounds
so I returned it today.So I have it returned today.The original sentence isn't wrong, it just sounds better with this structures. And I definitely hear people saying this a lot more often
It seems that the usb type of headset is better for stuff like that
I wonder, I'm gonna go to BEST BUY tomorrow
I don't have a class on Fridays
So, I spent it using my laptop in this morning
I ate a chicken noodle soup and a tacorice for lunch
It almost uses the same materials as a taco
Anyway, after eating the food, I went to a shop to volunteer
EspeciallyNothing special happened at there
Driving my car, I noticed feeling an odd vibration in my car
I thought that Come to think of it, my brother had mentioned about this vibration
I came my home and then I told my uncle about it
I said to my uncle \"My car might be strange
I feel an odd vibration when I drive
My uncle answered, \"Okay, I'll check it
Frankly speaking, it seemed to have some problems
We left our car at the repairing shop
I don't know when it finish towill be fixed by."
There were UFOs in my house
UFO is Japanese Yakisoba and is a type of instant noodle
Why were there Japanese instant noodles here
My aunt bought them to send to her second son who belongs to the Air force. He is in Afghanistan now
The pasted seal says that it is $3.65 US dollars
In Japan, that is about 2.00 dollars
As it includes tax, buying in America is more expensive than buying in Japan
By the way, speaking of instant Yakisoba in Japan, we're divided into two parties
They is the UFO party or the Ippeicyan party (that is instant Yakisoba too) and its feature is eating with source mixed Blighting (??) and mayonnaise
I would rather eat Ippeicyan than UFO
Got Caught a cold or something
I hope she attends the next class
I sometimes listen to Japanese hip-hop
To those who are from the home of hip-hop culture, Japanese \"hip-hop\" may seem silly
At any rate, there is Japanese hip-hop in Japan
Surely, it emulated American hip-hop at first
But now, it is established as it's own genre
I think that the method of rhyming is very unique in Japanese hip-hop
I don't know that much about hip-hop though
As you know, there are big differences between the ways of speaking in Japanese and in English."
I heard our prime minister told us saythat it was the kindestisbest that human beings would be disappearancedisappear from the earth
But, I thought that If you say such a thing something like this, Nothing would get started
you should say more positive opinionthings to the future
TheA numberlot of Japanese people who are Japanese don't trust politicians recently
because the problem happened so many problems have occurred 
Somebody is a liar
they who happenedcaused some problems quited easily
American politicians seem to have more responsibility to final more than Japanese
Moreover, there are many people who enter the politepolitical party by popularity in Japan
I want to be aresponsibleadult who have responsibility
Although I am already an adult on theby law."
Finally, I got a perm
I had said it couple weeks ago. (?? Said you were going to get a perm
At any rate, I took a picture of my hair from each angle with the camera on my lap-top
I laugh just looking at it
To tell the truth, I didn't think I would get such a strong perm as this
I dreamed of getting a more weaker perm
But, I don't regret it
It's an interesting hair style
So, it's okay
I wonder what would happen if I tried to take a hairband to this hair
Japanese have a blue tongues
It's a joke
I make it a rule to avoid eating snacks between meals so not gain more weight than I havenow
I gained weight no less than 5 kg while I was in the US
After all, American foods make people to be fat
They don't care about theamount of oil neededto make some food
I don'tthink that not all people do that though
As for my mother, she makes it a rule to avoid using oil or something that givesyour health bad effects if you use that too much
But if my mother were not aperson who cares about that, my health would to be muchworse and I would befatter
Please give me a advice for this
they people write about their life, what they like to do, and their philosophies, share their love stories, their plans for the future, news topics, sentiment about videos, et cetera. (\"etc.\" is easier
Anyway, this is very interesting to me
I am able to gain insight intopeople's thoughts here by reading their journals
It has been said that you should start to study grammar when youencounter problems communicating your ideas in another language."
Goals
Why are you studying a second language or third language for?Are you study for traveling?For business?For making a friends all over the country?I think everyone has a goal vaguely
In Japan, we learn English for at least three years in junior high school
People who go to generally go to high school do that for six years
Most of students are not interested in English and don't think that they want to master English
I think
I thought I was one of them
I would score well on the English tests
But I only studied to pass the exam, and do not remember most of what I studied
So I don't remember almost what I studied
Now I have studied English
I started to study English by chance, I still am not sure why
I still don't know why I started to do this
But now, I am thinking that I want to communicate more using English
I intend to do this by taking a long time, maybe 10 years
I think that it will be good if I can speak English by the time that I am 30, and that is why I am studying English slowly
That is why I am studying English slowly."
I want to tell you about the strict rules for hair styles in Japan
I had been wondering and having this opinion for a long, long time ago
Why do they have such strict rules for hair styles
You are in society, you are required to clean and freshen up your hair style in Japan
but, I understand that because you have to give people who you first meetcontact or your boss a good impression (第一印象だねぇ
You even have to present a good impression at a part-time job place too
So, what do you think in this case
We were banned from having tricky hair, perm hair, shave one's hair and men's extremely long hairtil we graduate high school and we are also requierd to wear uniform
Your country probably doesn't require you to do such a thing
I have asked my teacher this question
he said that to practice group act. (act?何言いたかったですか？
I was thinking, is only wearing a uniform not enough
They must wear uniform, so it is reasonably natural to show personality through their hairstyle
I think this is one of the strangest things in Japan
I don't worry about such a things now because I have already graduated."
I called a support group which to help me to find an apartment in Hokkaido at about this time yesterday
After all, there is a large gap of time the gap of time between here and there on the phone
I greeted to Mrs Nagata who is taking in charge of exchange students
and then we did small talking. And then we continued with small talk
For example \"What time is it there?\",\"It is very cold now
Isn't it?\" something like that. isn't it?\" and other related topics
it's done
I told her the apartment I kind of decided decided on
Wsn't it?. Was it
I had though that not care width of room. I did not care about the size of the room
So, I responded to what she said, \"I don't care width about size
I will be stisfied satisfied with it has as only space for sleeping 
Regardless of I refused my refusal, She she recommended me a wider room
It she recomended What she recommended is managed by her office
So naturally, she recommended it for me
I asked her that how much did it it would cost me a month
I heard It She said that it would cost me 40000 a month in Japanese yen
It was That is too expensive for me
I told her what I wanted again, and She she told me she will would confirm if that room is available
She told me to please gave me give her a call again the next day
You know the next day is today. The next day has arrived
I'll have to call her again soon
I hope it she is available."
Hair Loss
What do you think of balding man? Maybe you can't think about it
But, there are people who do think about it in Japan
How about in another countries? Does your country have people who shave their head too? I may say something like \" I decide to shave my head.\" But please think hard.<---(about what?))((But please think hard before shaving your head.)) <--Is this what you meant
It's easy to shave your face or to not shave at all
If you do, it's only your beard."
ESL class is over for this year
So, we had a party
We brought food for each other
Everyone brought food from their own country
Of course, I brought Sushi Rolls
We didn't finish all the food and a lot of food was left over
So, we made a lunch box that was like a sampler and each took them home
I put  a lot of Gyoza (chinese food's name) into my sample
Too much
Cake that was made in America is so sweet after all
I have a Japanese tongue."
Body
I studied body parts in my ESL class
How should I say it
name of body\" or \"part of body's name\" or another way?) 
That was my first time going to a (one) wedding party. (つまり、\"That was my first time going to one\"も言います
I was not entirely concentrating on the wedding party because I often watched the photographer
She was so pretty. 笑 (I thought you were going to say you liked photography
I wish I had confidence when talking to somebody I meet first time
I tried asking her if she would take a picture with me because she is doing nothing other than taking pictures, and she should have a picture taken of her sometimes
Isn't it?Recently I have been thinking about how to ask girls out
Do I want girls? (strange question to oneself
If you were be able to use telepathy, do you think you can contact people who speak the difficent language as you?If you were able to use telepathy, do you think you could contact people who speak a difficent language than you or would youuse images
or you would use images
I thought suddenly such a thing.I suddenly thought of such a thing
There are various people in the world, so I guess there are people who can use telepathy as well
So, I guess there are people who can use telepathy as well
I want them experiment it.I want them to experiment on this."
I thought that it might take  high level skills to understand and laugh at Japanese comedy
This is because they say a lot, and they speak very fast
Sometimes what they say is difficult to grasp, even for Japanese people. 読んでいる人が「us」っていうのは誰か分からないかもしれない。
They basically make us laugh by saying speech, not action, especially Manzai
Some of them make us laugh by their reactions though
They host many Japanese shows
You can never see on watch TV without seeing them
Recently, they've appeared in dramas, movies and on the radio
Some of them have released songs
I don't think they have good singing skills. 「Talented」っていうのも大丈夫けど、この場合は簡単な「good」の方がいいかと思う。
Some adults say that comedy is not good for children's education
However, does  not seem to reduce comedy on TV shows."
You say OG which means Olive Garden
I ate stuffed chicken carsarole(?) sounds like that
I was starving
So, I wanted to eat until I was full
I resulted in eating too much
I give (a little) more detail
I ate other things like garlic bread and salad before the main dish
I had a stomach ache when I just finished to eating
Maybe because my belt was on too tight
It is my favorite restaurant in the US."
People often say that I seem to not have worries, and I am an optimistic
Maybe I am an optimistic and I have worries, but it's less than others. If I say about this
So, it is not that incorrect
Actually, I think that I will want to live my life marrily, and I will want to die before it will become a boring life
I don't want my life to be boring. (Sounds more natural
I don't want to last with a tube that makes me live, and an artificial respriration machine in the hospital
I live strongly now,so that I may not be so
I hung out with three of my friends who I met at the university
I joined for them a bit late, after they already ate something for dinner.Better formula: ...after they already had something for dinner
It was because that I already had had something for dinner then. ?? わかりません。maybe: \"I joined them late because I already had dinner
They were sitting in front of the restaurant and talking when I got there
And then we headed a to a place where we played a pool. Better formula: \"Next (or \"After that\") we headed a to a place where we played pool
We divided ourselves into two teams and played
I had not played pool for a long time
But I could played it better than I had thought
One of us was called by his girlfriend and he went to her place
He is what you call a moody person. (unless he is dead\/gone - then use \"was
So we vaguely(not the best adjective) talked about why he gets angry easily and how we should cope with it
We couldn't find a solution. of it. OR We couldn't find a solution to it
So, I want to ask you how I should deal with it
http:\/\/www.snapvine.com\/bp\/_xFt7h-6Ed-mTwAwSFxx0g Doesn't work for me I can't hear it
I thought that it might take high level skills to understand and laugh at japanese comedy.This is mostly correct grammatically, but it doesn't sound good. Try something like: \"I think one has to be very fluent at Japanese language to really understand Japanese comedy
This is because Japanese comedians say a lot and speak very fast. In English you usually mention the subject by name first: comedians - not they
Sometimes what they say is difficult to grasp, even for Japanese people
This is especially true of Manzai
Some of them make us laugh by their reactions though.OK, but this sounds better: \"However, some comedians make us laugh by their reactions
Comedians host many Japanese shows, even during prime time
You can't ever watch TV without seeing them
Recently, they have appeared in dramas, movies and on the radio
Some of Japanese comedians have released songs. Again, it's OK to use they\/them sometimes, BUT not all the time - mention the subject by name at least once every few sentences
I don't think they are good at singing \/ I don't think they sing well
On TV, they say funny things and speak a lot, as if they were born to make us laugh
Some adults say saidthat comedy is not good for children's education
However, It does not seem to reduce the amount of comedy on TV shows."
I used to be a good bowling player
But *now* I am not good at the bowling *any more* because I don't bowling a lot now like before.(take out one 
so we often *used* to go to the bowling center and played it.(already used past-tense \"*used*\" so play doesn't need to be in the past
I was good at the bowling then it was as if I had been a professional bowling player
I used to score the high points, like over two hundred
that was a crazy score
This is just my proud story of the  past time
Then I recently went to the bowling
It was not much different so much from a girls' score
that place has stored weapons
i think a  big accident will happen  if that fire touched that place 
please teach me my faults
I am confused
I have not understood the different difference between \"have been\" and \"have been -ing
What is different the difference between \"I have stayed in Japan for about one month\" and \"I have been staying in Japan for about one month
These mean same way the same thing in Japanese
It is difficult for me to make sense understand it
I found out the movie about Walmart in the book shop, Although to changing change the subject
Did you ever see it?interesting?bored? Did you think it was interesting or boring?"
I had gone to Pennsylvania with my uncle and aunt and brother so that I could spend time with my cousin's family
That uncle is his father
There are 5 people in his family
It took about 8 hours for us to get there from NC by car
We had to stay seated for most of the  8 hours in the car
So, when I got out of the car, I had a back ache
This was the second time we've gone there
But, I haven't gotten used to this and maybe I never will
While I was riding in the car, I killed spare time by reading a book and watching a movie on my laptop
Although I had heard it was snowing in Pennsylvania, It was not snowing but I could see the snow piled up
I think I will go to bed now."
I drank a cup of beer, and now I feel sleepy
I feel sleepy."
Even though I am not doing don't do anything
Why is it going so? Why is it so
Then I went to my favorite coffee shop
I took lunch and read a book there. [In English, \"read\" is spelled the same for present tense and past tense. In this sentence, it is pronounced as past tense. It sounds the same as the color \"red\" when you say it. 
There is a work tonight. I have to work tonight. [I think this is what you meant to say. If not, let me know so I can correct myself
I am a \"Typewriter\". I am a \"typesetter.\" [I'm not sure what you meant to say here since I do not know what your job is. In the printing industry, there is a profession called a typesetter
The life is very hard to me. Life is very hard for me. Or, you could say, \"Life is very difficult
After Midnight
Almost all the people is are sleeping now, but I'm not sleeping. [You can leave out \"sleeping\" the second time, but it is correct either way
30 minutes from now, 2:00 am. In 30 minutes it will be 2:00 am. Or, you can say, \"It's 1:45 am
Ushi\" is means \"cattle\" in Japanese
In old Japanese, this is called \"Eto.\" So, \"Ushimitu doki\" means \"when the animals are setted in their time
I believe this originates from Chinese
During this time, ghosts often come out
I'm frightening ... It's frightening to me. Or, \"I'm frightened of ghosts
I'm waking up from I've been awake since 9\/21 0:00am till now, except an with the exception of 1 hour sleep
But I don't feel asleep. sleepy
I'm so hungry, but I'm dranken. drunk
What I ate for lunch. Or, \"What I ate at lunchtime
What I ate at for lunch is was \"Buta No Shouga Yaki Teishoku
In English this means, \"Lunch of baked pig with ginger
It's one of my favorite menu meals
I ate lunch in restaulant for long time. I used to eat out in restaurants until October 2009 when I lost my job. Now my income is very low
Because my income is very low
2009 Oct, I lost my job
I 've got a new job from this August, but I do not make a lot of money
But the job is not make me rich
All like this is related to Lehman Shock. All of this reminds me of the Lehman shock
I'm very angry... I am very angry over all of this
I drunk drank with one of my business partners, and he has slept is sleeping now in my room
But I don't feel sleepy, So I wake even though I woke up at 4:00 pm yesterday
My job is night work, and it's a holiday to tomorrow
We celebrate each friend's birthday
My next friend's birthday is October 23
We are going to celebrate with her. [This is a subtle English thing...usually we celebrate things like birthdays and holidays. But we celebrate with our friends
I'd like to go to the U.S
I'd like to go to the U
Because I want to communicate with the people of that country
And I promised my friends I would go there
I'd like to see the statue of Liberty
Recently, I have a many reports in my university 
When they're finished, I will go shopping with my friends
I think that I'll do my best!!"
I unusually get got up early today
I`m in\/at my university now
I will attend to my professor`s meeting this afternoon
In the evening, I will go to my part-time job at a gas station
What should I write
I restarted using Lang-8, but I'm wondering what I should write about
I made many new friends, and one of them wrote 100 diary entries. 
he wrote a diary, and that diary are being just 100
It's diffiult for us to write some sentences in other language
that is felt us so difficult
There is a proverb in Japan
and it says,\"Chiri mo tsumoreba yama to naru
This means literally that
after dust piles up, it becomes a mountain
dust is very small, but if these dust stocked and togethered
And it means,\"Many a little makes a mickle
As you may know, the highest mountain in Japan is Mt
But do you know the second highest
In fact most Japanese don't know this, but it is a mountain called Mt
Fuji is the mountain that covered with lava rockson surface, so it is not very fun to climb up, at least for me.(:p
In comparison with it, Mt
North is a fascinaing mountain because it has a lot of alpine plants in summer
I've been into the mountain climbing these past 5 or 6 years
The climbing reminds me that a human is only just a part of the nature
Therefore I'm planning to challenge Mt
North in this summer
It's been rainy or cloudy recently
It feels good to be sunny
I'd like to go to a lake to for fishing
What should I do to speak English and read it
What is the difference between \"however\" and \"but
I think it's the same..."
I ate cup noodles for lunch
I put hot water in
and I was sure to set the timer
However, it turns out I forgot to set the timer
About 3 minutes after, I realised I had forgot
In confusion, I set the timer for 2 minutes
2 minutes after, I ate itthem
It They were was very soft
However, It was But delicious!"
I have been going to a swimming pool since August
I had raised blood pressure about 2 or 3 years ago
I was recommended to exercise and to control my meals in the hospital
So I worked out five days a week, for a while
But I didn't exercise regularly
I have been going to a swimming pool since August
Swimming is exercise and fun for me
If there are any disadvantages, it is that I have to get up early to go to swim
It is very hard for me
I have trouble getting up in the morning
But I'm going to swim. "
It was a hard day
I was am very busy every Friday
because I make data for a report to boss
I had finished making a the report
It's already 8:00 (am\/pm
It snowed today
I think that i wish want to drink some beer
Take a look around, other co-workers are left for the rest of the day
I will go home too
It was a hard day."
Part Time Job at a Cafe in Canada
I've got a part time job at a cafe in Canada recently
It is difficult for me to listen to orders and memorize the menu and how to make a coffee
I've never worked at a cafe, so this is a big challenge for me
I wanna improve my English, and I wanna be a good English listener and speaker
I stay with an Italian family in Canada
I and my host mother live in upstairs in her house
My host mother is 67 years old, and is kind and very good at cooking
Her dishes are very good,so I always eat all the foods she makes
I gained 2 kilograms in one month
I need more exercises
Her daughter lives in downstairs
She is also kind, and often lends me her fashion and gossip magazines
She often speaks to me even if I can't communicate with her very much
But,I will probably will move to another house in
one month because I hope to live in a share house and save 
Currently I'm trying to learn Tamil through free online lessons at Tamir Virtual Academy; however, it is quite difficult to get disciplined when learning alone in a country where Tamil is totally unheard of, so it would be MUCH appreciated if any of you are willing to help
I am studying English at a university class now
I have never written in a dialy in English
I have played it since I was six years old
I think he is the best Japanese player
If you like baseball , please leave some comment
Please fix my English if you find any mistakes."
Effects of the Earthquake
On 2011.3.11
we got the Japanese Northeastern Pacific Ocean earthquake
This earthquake is one of the biggest earthquakes ever, then that and the damages are so very serious too
I guess everyone already knows this big news, but almost all people nobody can imagine what is going on at in Japan
So I want to explain about these from now
First, It there is a food problem
Some of the victims can't get enough food because roads were broken by the earthquake and tsunami and absolute the amount of food is too low for all of the victims
Of course, the Japanese government and other organizations are trying to help with the food supply, but it is difficult because of for these reasons
This story will tell you how miserable are the victims are.\"One day, a man could get these food for a day, was given half a piece\/loaf of bread and half of a rice ball to last him the whole day
The second problem is a radioactivity
This problem's news is bigger than the earthquake's damages for people
Nuclear power plants were given damaged by the earthquake and tsunami
So radioactivity are is coming leaking everywhere
The Japanese government and Japan Self-Defense Forces are trying to reduce damage of the radioactivity
Specifically, they were adding watering to the cooling pool of the nuclear power plant to cooling it down
Now, the nuclear power plant's crisis is almost over, but at that time people thought this crisis is was the return of the Chernobyl
It is an electrical problem
Remember, the nuclear power plant is a power plant for Fukushima, that is the place there were that was given the biggest damage by the earthquake and tsunami
So around that place they are having blackouts
However they need electricity right now
But of course it is impossible
So the Japanese government uses \"planned blackouts
It means Tokyo has some blackouts a few times in some a day. \/ ... a few times a week. \/ ... It means Tokyo has some blackouts every so often
It is so inconvenience.t
But they are being patient for the earthquake's victims
These are This is what's going on in Japan right now
Please fix these sentences for me
In Even just a few corrections are welcome."
His works have had a huge effect on the old Japanese society
His works and thoughts are effecting affecting today's Japanese society also
If he didn't wrote write these works, Japanese society is would be much different from now
So we should know more about him. (If you'd like, you can substitute the word \"know\" into \"learn
He was born as a lower class samurai's son around Osaka on January, 10, 1835
When he was three years old, he was adopted by his uncle because his father was died
He started to learn Chinese classical literature when he was fourteen years old because it was an accomplishment for a samurai
It is was said that he was very good at that
At that time, the Japanese Government practiced national isolation, it means meaning no import and no export with any other countries
But the Netherlands and China are were the only countries that were the only exception excepted from the this rule
So, Japanese scholars studied Dutch at that during that time. (Although using \"at that time\" is grammatically correct, using it too many times will get boring. So instead of using \"at that time\" all the time, you can use \"during that time\" or \"during that period\". You know, things to enhance the quality of your writing
Then He eventually became the chairman in that school
In 1858, he built the school that is now known as \"Keio University\" to teach Dutch studies, 
but he noticed that Dutch studies couldn't wasn't enough to help him to learn about Western culture and style
So he started to study English by himself to so he could learn and teach about the Western culture and style
By 1867, to raise some money, he sold his Japanese sword so he could travel to go to America again
Later in his life, he wrote many books for society and people. Then Eventually, he died on February, 3, 1901
Among them, these three books: \"Things western\", \"Encouragement of learning\" and \"An Outline of a Theory of Civilization\" given had greatly affected impacted the society
The first book is called, \"Things western
This book is made up of 10 books. (I'm not sure what you're trying to say. Are you trying to express, \"This book has 10 series (or volumes
At that time, very few Japanese people knew about the western culture, style, and things tradition
The people of that time read these books, and they could learned how much more different western style was compared to and different the Japanese style was
These books were had sold a total of 200,000 copies
This amount is very large number for Japan at during that time
The second book is called, \"Encouragement of learning
This book has 17 series (or volumes, whichever you mean).is made up of 17 books
These books outline the meaning of study and how it should have been done
In those days, Japanese study is was too confusing and too complex for the average person normal people
So, he shared his ideas about how to study on these books
His idea is: \"Study should be more simple and more efficient.\" 
So these books were very easy to understand good to tell anything for normal people
Some part of these books are used in Japanese textbooks
All Japanese people know this phrase, \"天は人の上に人を造らず人の下に人を造らず。
Its meaning is this, \"Heaven doesn't make a man better than others, nor does it make a man worse than others.\" 
Almost all the Americans have heard this phrase because this phrase came from The Declaration of Independence of the United States of America
These books were had sold about 3,000,000 copies
This number is was amazing, because in those days the Japanese population was only 30,000,000
It meant about 1\/10 of Japanese people had read these books
The last book is called, \"An Outline of a theory of Civilization
This book is made up of 10 volumes (or series) books
These books were written in 1875
These books outline talked is about civilization
In these books, he said that, \"Civilization's true nature is human companionship and coexistence with any kind of elements
These ideas were the basis of those days were the basic ideas of civilization
These books were not the best sellers, but they are being evaluated by today's scholar
So we can definitely say that his works and thinking had greatly affected Japanese society
If you want to increase your knowledge, you should try reading his works once
I wanna want to know which sentences are curious confusing or which part of my sentence's configuration is strange. (It's best not to use \"wanna\" since \"wanna\" is considered a slang word in America. It's fine to use it with friends or informal use (such as texting IMing, e-mails, etc...), but if you are (let's say...) writing a college paper, never use \"wanna.\" It makes you sound unruly and uneducated, alright? Also, \"curious\" means you are wondering something that you don't know of. A better word would be \"confusing\" since curious relates more to emotions and personality. Confusing means something you are not sure about. For example: \"Miya curiously searched through the drawers\" or \"Tom was curious about how his friend knew he had broke up.\" For the word confusing, you could say, \"The book's text was confusing to me.\" Do you see the difference here
Today I had a test, but I couldn't understand the question's meaning
So I couldn't answer the questions."
Next Friday at midnight, I am going to Karaoke with my friend
And Next Saturday, I have a welcome party
This party is making my friend for me!My friend is making this party for me
Now I am staying in Nevada U
S
A from since August 2010
But I couldn't master to use English
I know it is my fail fault
However, I need to leave America by June 25. (Always put a comma after a conjunctive adverb
I'm so sad about this reason
Would you help me after June 25?"
If you could find any mistakes, please fix them. (I guess these sentences might have a lot of them
I don't care how many it is
Fukuzawa Yukichi, He is one of the most famous authors in Japan and also one of the most respected people, too
His works have had a huge effect on old Japanese society
His works and thoughts are giving affecting to today's Japanese society also
His words are often quoted in speeches
So I want to introduce him from now
He was born as a lower class samurai's son in around Osaka on January, 10, 1835
When he was three years old, he was adopted by his uncle because of his father died
He started to learn Chinese classical literature when he was fourteen years old because it was an accomplishment for samurai
When he was twenty one years old, he started to go to the most famous Dutch studies school in Japan at that time
At that time, the Japanese Government practiced national isolation, but the Netherlands and China are only countries that were excepted from the rule
So Japanese scholars studied Dutch at that time
Then he became the chairman in that school
In 1858, he built the school that is now \"Keio University\" to teach Dutch studies
But he noticed that Dutch studies couldn't help to learn about Western culture and style
In 1860, he was chosen to be a member of the American envoy
The next year, he was chosen to be a member of the European envoy
By 1867, he solve his Japanese sword to go to America again. (Not sure here. Was it sold
After that, he otherwise scouted from Japanese new government and focused on his education, which was changed to learn English studies
Later in life, he wrote many books for society and people, then he died on February, 3, 1901
His literary works are well-known, and his books and thoughts had a very big effect on Japanese society
Among them, these three books,\"Things Western,\" \"Encouragement of Learning,\" and \"An Outline of a Theory of Civilization given\" greatly affected society
So I will explain about these three books
The first one is \"Things Western
This book is made up of 10 books
These books were written between 1866-1870 when he came back to Japan several times
These books outline are the culture, style, and things in western countries
At that time, very few Japanese people knew about the western culture, style, and things
So he wrote these books to explain western styles, politics, tax systems, bonds, companies, diplomacy, military, science, technology, schools, newspapers, libraries, hospitals, museums, steam engines, telegraphs, and gas lamps
The people of that time read these books, and they could learn about western style and different the Japanese style was
These books sold 200,000 copies
This amount is very large for Japan at the time
The second book is \"Encouragement of Learning
This book is made up of 17 books
These books were written between 1872-1876
These books outline the meaning of study and how it should be done
In those days, Japanese study is too confusing and too complexity for normal people
So he shares his ideas about how to study these books
His idea is like this, \"Study should be more simple and more efficient.\" He used plain writing in these books, but his ideas on these books were great. Some parts of these books are used in Japanese textbooks
All of Japanese people know this phrase,\"天は人の上に人を造らず人の下に人を造らず。
Its meaning is this, \"Heaven doesn't make a man better than others, nor does it make a man worse than others.\" You probably know this phrase
This phrase came from The Unanimous Declaration of Independence of the United States of America
This phrase was used in the opening sentences of \"Encouragement of Learning
These books sold 3,000,000 copies
Because in those days, the Japanese population was only 30,000,000
The last book is \"An Outline of a Theory of Civilization
This book is made up of 10 books
These books were written in 1875
These books outline are what is civilization
In these books, he said that civilization's true nature is human companionship and coexistence with any kind of elements
These ideas were the basis of civilization in those days
These books were not the best sellers, but they are being evaluated by today's scholar
As mentioned earlier, his works had a huge effect on Japanese people, scholars, thinkers, and government
A lot of thinkers were from his school, and a lot of great government officers were his friends or his students
So I can say his works and thinking greatly affected Japanese society
He had great talents
Then he could greatly affected Japanese society
So he is still praised by us
We can see his picture on  the ￥10,000 bill
And the ￥10,000 bill is the most expensive bill in Japan
It means he is one of the most respected people in Japan
That will be a good experience
Thank you for reading!!!"
This day is my special day! (Sounds more natural
Because My friend was making a welcome surprise party for me
I swam in the pool wearing cloth
I ate some meat. It was great! (Or \"I ate some great food
And I had conversations with my friends
I could have had a great time!"
Please teach me how to use \"awesome\" \"take it easy\" and \"hang out\" 
These are difficult for me
This rights begins are naturally, then nobody can violate these rights.Or, it could be said like this...These rights begin naturally, that way nobody can violate these rights
These rights are guarantees equality without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex
In Japan, from today to next Monday, are is a three-day holiday
I am very happy and I want to enjoy this holiday
Tomorrow, I will go to Kanazawa, Ishikawa, Japan
This place has the beautiful sea, beautiful yards\/gardens(?),and delicious seafood
The World Cup in South Africa is coming soon
I look forward to watch it!I look forward to watching it
Today, maybe I have a cold
I have a fever
so I am relaxing now
By the way, in Japan, people who have a smart phone (ex
iPhone,GalaxyS ,BlackBerry) are increasing
It will be ICT society in Japan
In this connection, I have iPhone, too
We have to skill up of IT near future.　（skill は　名詞ですので、have to　の後に動詞がいるのですが、IT　のことはよく分からないので、）
I'll do my best."
Autumn is coming in the northern hemisphere. The Northern Hemisphere's autumn is coming
It is was cold yesterday
But I was just wearing a T-shirt and I shivered shake in the cold evening
This feeling made me think of call to mind to the summer
Time flies by quickly. has gone and passes quickly. [Idiomatic phrase
A year is in tne nictation. [What does this mean
I fear to say the sentence，if winter comes，can spring be far behind. I wonder when winter comes, can spring be far behind? [very poetical
Because I will miss a season."
I have played it for one and a half year. it's easier and more common to \"say a year and a half
It fascinates me
Sometime I want to stop to play it,becouse it cost my lots of time.Sometimes, i want to stop and play it, but it costs me alot of time
You can find the spirit of being in a team, unity,cooperation,devotion, and sharing
If spend a reasonable amount time,it is beneficial
What`s happening to me 
I can may be good speaker for English.  I would like to speak English well, so that I can understand the lyrics of my favorite singer, Bowie
then can realize the lyrics of my favorite Bowie's songs
雲海　The Cloud Sea
The clouds seems like a sea without an end
I naturally felt that there is another world in the sky or the clouds as people had felt in ancient times
Hi everyone. I'm Kazuki, a Japanese student
I have been studying hard to enter Tokyo Uni. hehe
I'm happy now
For example Linkin Park, Yellowcard, Backstreetboys... etc. The first letter of proper nouns should be capitalized unless, for some reason, it's specifically stated that it is not. You only need one space after each comma. 
Please recommend me some of your favorite songs or singers
That's all from me now."
Trouble My problem
I want to learn English, but I don't know how to study!"
I Am Sick
Today is wonderful, sunny day, but I have no spirit. I feel sick. What should i do?"
You could say that I'm addicted to chocolate
Milk chocolate tastes good, but I prefer bitter chocolate. （間違いではなかったが、こっちの方が自然に聞こえます）
Bitter chocolate isn't too sweet, nor too bitter
I used to see that 99% cacao chocolates being sold in convenience stores, but I don't see them much these days
Every time I saw them, I'd would think to myself that nobody would eat them because they're too bitter
As I thought predicted, they disappeared
I guess balance is important
I upgraded from Vista, but I haven't realized decided yet ifthat 7 is much better than Vista
Indeed, The time of startup and shutdown isbecomes shorter
But I think there isn't ano big difference between the two in user-friendliness
But then, I don't hate Windows because I don't feel inconvenienced
I haven't used a Mac
If I bought a Mac and there was also no big difference betweenthe Mac OS and Windows, it would mean I wasted money
So I don't feel like spending the money on abuying Mac even though I want to try a&nbsp;buy Mac
What areis Macs like
Is Was this conversation right correct
Some A few weeks ago, I was asked something by a foreigner at night
The foreigner pointed at the entrance of a train station and said to me \"Metro?\", I answered, \"Uh
This conversation seems to be strange to me now
But When I he was asked asking me by the man, I thought of many things crossed in my mind. (This is a useful expression, it means you thought of many things, but sounds much more natural
Although the station is under the ground underground, not all the stations of the route are, under the ground and most of the stations are on the above ground
But now that it seems to be not proper wrong to me
Do you think this conversation is right correct
Vacation starts again
Yesterday, I finished my grade and we had spring vacation. Yesterday marked the end of the school year and the beginning of Spring vacation
We went to the school for about seven days.(1\/31~2\/6
I parted ways with my classmates
We exchanged each other's photos, huged and cried
Anyways come back to home, I returned home where my uncle's daughter and son was here live
so i played with them was very hard a lot
They are really cute and fun, so I had a great time 
空の映画館で一人(独り)で映画を見たことがありますか？
去年Startrackが開封してからしばらくして、私わはこの映画を見たいという思いがしました。
友達に一緒に見てに行かないのと問いました。
ところが皆ことわりましたったんです。（韓国語の군요表現に近い日本語にしてみました。）
面白くないと見えて見ましたたようです。（韓国語の나봐요表現に近い日本語にしてみました。）
やむなく一人でも見ようなきゃと心だって上映の千秋楽の日、映画館に行きました。（韓国語の야겠다表現に近い日本語にしてみました。）
コカコーラを買って映画観映画館に入場したから、わたし一人だけでした。
そのりょうりょう　その寂寞（せきばく）といったら。。。
最初は私の映画観をもていたのそうに映画館ひとつ貸し切ったようでおもしろいかったです。
それでもなのに時間が経てば経つほど気味があやしかたです妙な気分になるんです。
突然、鬼神でも出現すれそうに現れるかのように。
結局は映画が終わるまで怖い心で恐ろしい雰囲気で見ました
今考えて見れば、とても面白いけいけんでした経験のように思えます。
わたしがいつまたこの大きい映画館で一人映画を見られますかるでしょうか？"
He was a funny person, I thought maybe he was trying to make me relax
In the first hour, my coach explained every condition of the car and told me what I should pay attention to when driving a car
While, In the second hour, my coach taught me how to shift gears
Finally, he said \" Let's go to drive a real car!\" I was so happy when I heard  that because this was my first time driving a car
Because this is my first time driving a car
I hope that I can learn to speak English very well by writing in my journal here
学汉语的同学来看看Those students who are learning Chinese, please take a look
请翻译一下句子Please translate these sentences
1.我今天晚饭决定吃生菜沙拉。I decided to eat a salad for dinner tonight
2.你能够帮我取一个好听的英文名字吗？Will you help me pick an English name that sounds good
3.你是什么时候开始接触这个网站的？When did you start using this website
4.你喜欢听谁的歌曲？Whose music do you like
为什么？How come?\/Why
5.如果想问什么汉语问题，请加我好友。If you have any questions about Chinese, please add me as a friend
All right,I am waitting for your translation
First, let me thank Mariona, a girl from Spain
She gave me some advice about learning English 
And Melody, who amends my articles and tells me where I make mistakes
Thanks
Finally Marie, who is very warmhearted to offer to help me learn English 
I added her on MSN
I want to continue to make more friends all over the world
In Chongqing China the weather is cold now
And,the whole people Everyone wears sweaters
Is it cold where you live too at your place
Although the weather is cold we must get up at 6:40 and get into the class before 7:20
Morning reading... 
In December we will take an exam named (the) CET4
So I must improve my reading and listening abilities about reading and listening
I found the Lang-8 before long ago
My English is so poor. Can you give me some advice to improve it
First let me tell you about myself
My name is 晰俊（Alex） and I am from China
I love basketball and swimming
I also enjoy singing and I sing well (Just Chinese songs
Now I am studying in the university of post and telecommunications. I am learning the Software Engineering
If you want to know more about me please add me
And I can help you study English
1.- MEXICO IS hotter THAN CALGARY
3.- CALGARY THERE ARE MoreBUILDINGS in Calgary THAN in MY CITY
4.- MY CITY THERE AREN´T SOME BEAUTIFUL CARS THAN CALGARY.There aren't as many beautiful cars in my city as in Calgary. Calgary has more beautiful cars than my city. 
5.- THE PARKS IN CALGARY ARE MORE INTERESTING THAN PARKS IN MY CITY
1.- CALGARY HAS A (very) tall BUILDING, IN MY HOMETOWN DOESN´T HAVE A (very) tallBUILDING
2.- CALGARY IS SAFEr THAn MY CITY."
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH
THE SOCCER IS MORE INTERESTING THAN THE BASEBALL, BECAUSE WHEN YOU ARE IN THE play BASEBALL, GAME YOU SPEND A LOT OF TIME (standing) IN THE SAME PLACE, AND IF YOU ARE IN THE  playing SOCCER GAME, YOU RUN FOR ALL over THE FIELD. I THINK THE SOCCER IS THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD."
I'm watching a curling game. or \"I'm watching a game of curling.\" Both are fine. 
Now the matches have been played is between Japan and China. Japan versus China
Of course I'm cheering on Japan
After that, I'll go to a club activity
I'm belonging to Waseda University's  jazz dance club
Help pert2 part 2
My name is Chengri
I like action movies like Mr.＆Mrs
I'm working at McDonald's. (It is more commen to say: \"I work at McDonald\". The reason is that \"I'm working\" suggests stronger that you might be at work right now. However, \"I'm working at McDonald\" is not strictly wrong. 
I love this the work there, because I can it allows me to work with a smile. (or: \"I love the work at McDonald, because it allows me to work with a smile\" or \"I love working at McDonald, because it allows me to work with a smile.\" - \"I can\" is not wrong, but focuses on your ability to smile. I think you mean to say that specifically when you do this kind of work you can (or are asked to) smile a lot. If you change the sentence further, you can use \"can\", for instance: \"I love my job, because when I'm working at McDonald, I can work with a smile\". 
And I can do kendo. I practice Kendo. Kendo is Japanese style fencing. 
I have three grade(dan) but I don't continue now. I've past the third dan exam, but I'm not continuing now. 
I have been to Australia about three years ago to experience homestay. I would rather say something like: \"About three years ago, I visited Australia with a home-stay program
Then At the time I can't couldn't speak English very well, but my host family was very kind of to me
Now my English skill is has improved
So I want to try to study abroad to use English. (The meaning of this sentence is unclear to me. Do you want to go abroad to learn to use English better? \"So, I'd like to go abroad to improve my English language skills further.\" - Or, do you want to go abroad to do another study in an English language country? \"So, I'd like to try to study abroad
I have a speech test for go abroad. I need to pass it to be able to go abroad. 
I went to Tokyo Disney Sea and Tokyo Disney Land with my friends on Tuesday and Wednesday
We stayed at a hotel near the park
On Tuesday,  we ate a lot of popcorns
There are many flavors
Then we ate onion soup and smoked chicken leg
It was very delicious
I enjoyed riding attractions, too
We rode it twice
In the evening, we stayed at a hotel near the park
We played a DS game
On Wednesday, we ate waffles
They were Mickey Mouse shaped:-D 
Then we rode the canoe
It is a roller coaster
The color is now dark brown
By using another language to share my feelings, I find that there's some different feelings in my mind
I hope that I can learn more on this site
whoever you are!"
This game teaches individuals on how to engage enemies, what items are needed for each heroes, which skills to be used first and ways on how to be the first to kill
If the person is a beginner or a first-time player, they need to get used to every heroes before they know what every heroes needs and how to use every type of hero
Before killing their opponents, each player needs to know the basics: which is farming
The word \"farming\" or \"creeping\" is used when each player kills a creep and when they kill every creeps, the player will receive a huge amount of gold
Besides that, the player will also automatically \"level up;\" and when they level up, the player will be able to get upgrade their skills
After the player has earned as much as they have, they can build their items, and when it is the right time to do so, and then engage their enemies 
But each players also needs to be careful in engaging their enemies, as their opponents will not be that simple as the creeps are
Each players must have a balanced of using both items and skills in the battle
When it comes to teamwork, the team must be aggressive, have great confidence, and also to know their opponent well
recently, I was been kicked out of by Sharedtalk
com and now I am not able to enter into sharedtalk again
I didn't don't do anything wrong in on that site, but so when I found out, the mod disabled me from using the site again
I've never written a diary in English
But I wanna  try to improve my English by writing English."
I watched a TV about programme of ture <不明白什么意思> yesterday, I am in low spirits mood 。 A mother in order to got got for his her daughter a house ............ <干什么？应该说> 。The nevertheless nornal daughter was taken into a madhouse。The This person lose his her nature by in that house。 i  I had to accept that the chinse chinese house prices is are to too high."
I had a sleepless night last night,_so I feel sleepy now."
I have written a message but nobody has corrected me
Is that normal or I just did not make any mistakes
I'm on facebook and I think I should set it to English. (I'm not entirely sure if this is what you meant
By the way, I wish you a happy\/merry Christmas and happy new year
What sort of presents did you get
For the new year, I don't know where I going to go\/I don't know who I am going to spend it with
I went to a\/my friend's house
I had something to say to my friends. (or \"... something to say to her [because you said \"friend\" already
I didn't want to tell her on the cellphone
I sent a message by e-mail and she replied and invited me to her house today
I asked her when she would give me back my favorite CD
She claims that she had forgotten to give it back
I knew that she had been spending busy time everyday
She probably couldn't give it back. (We don't start a sentence with \"probably
And then we hung out at a restaurant and we had a nice time
She paid for me to apologize for not returning the CD."
I really had to hurry because I woke up this morning at 8 am, but I should have woken up at 7:30 am
So I had to leave as soon as possible
I could go outside more quickly[?] than I thought
Before I arrived at the station, I noticed that I didn't have my cell phone
I went back home and picked up my cell phone
I dashed to the station, got on the train, and arrived at my university
I was able to arrive there earlier than I thought, but I was really tired because I didn't eat any food during that time."
I bought some vitamins from Germany
It was my first time to buying an item from the&nbsp;EU, German
The shipping campany was DHL which is famaous in the EU
The shipping method was DHL premiere shipping mail
I waited for a long time and I tried to looking for my where my item is but I couldn't find my traking number on the DHL website
I thought the traking number which was given to me from the shopping campany&nbsp;was wrong. number
I worried about when my item&nbsp;would arrive in&nbsp;Japan and then I got my item about two weeks later !"
I felt bad because of the cold weather
I have to be careful to avoid getting influenza
I'm always get in the train and sometimes I can see people who wear a masks. (or...I can see people wearing masks
I also consider wearing a mask while I get in the train
I'm afraid of getting infuenza
I'd like to get a vaccination
I don't know whether I can get it or not. (I doubt if I can get one
If I get an influenza, it will be bad
I can't go to the university and I can't go anywhere for a while. (I can't leave the house
Now, I don't know whether I'm  sick or not but I feel really bad."
I was thinking about going on a working holiday but I'm not able to working holiday I can't because I'm a student
When I finish from my university I'd like to do that
ButHowever, my English isn't very good so I think they will refuse me as one of a stuff <- (I don't understand this) (They can't hire me because of my poor English
I don't know that if there are a lot of jobs when I go abroad
It isn't won't be very good if I can't get a job there
Do you think I can get a job if I will go abroad next year ?"
I'm not good at singing songs
I sometimes go to Karaoke boxes to sing some songs but the problem is I can't sing any songs very well
Recently I'm trying to sing an English song but I am not very good
I still like karaoke even though my karaoke is not very good
I heard that karaoke is becoming more popular in America
We're going to karaoke box that is only can karaoke. (Do you mean -> \"We go to a karaoke box where we can only sing karaoke\" 
Are there karaoke boxes in America like the Japanese style karaoke boxes
My English is not very good. [✔
I've been learning English for a long time, but it has not improved much yet
I'm in contact with English people all the time
I exchange e-mails with them
E-mail is useful because English people help me if my English is wrong, but if I send a message to English people who are not my friends, 
I order a lot of items from the USA, because my friends often want to buy items from the US."
I want my own homepage but I am not sure how to create one. (if you say \"my homepage...create it\" it means the homepage already exists
I would like my own personal homepage. However, i'm not sure how to make one for myself. I have heard that there are websites where you can build your own homepage, though I don't know where to find them. 
I want my own domain, and can pay for someone to design my webpage
I am looking for an English website
Could you reccomend one for me if you know 
I found some cute clothes on online
It was a good timing when I found it because I was about to stop using the internet
If I had stopped using the internet I would have missed them
I'm looking forward to the items arriving now
When it arrives at my home I will wear it right away and I will go to my friends house
I think they will say,CROSS OUT] that[\/CROSS OUT] \"you have cute clothes
Where did you buy them 
Can you tell me which store you bought your clothes from 
Were\/are they expenssive clothes?"
Lately I have see foreigners near my home
It is good if foreigners lives around my home because I can make a lot of friends
Someday I want to live in America but if fthere are a lot of foreigners lives around my home.Sorry, i'm not really sure what you mean
 I might change my mind if foreigners start moving near my house
I think Japanese people is thinking for foreigners that they can't speak any Japanese but they can speak Japanese a littlle bit.I think the Japanese people believe that foreigners can't speak any Japanese, although in reality, most can speak at least a little
Long ago, I too thought that foreigners didn't learn Japanese, but recently I was suprised to hear that there are many foreginers who learn Japanese each day
I like a cake
I like eating a cake and I often go to cake stores on a holiday
I like any other cakes even if it included in a vesitable. vesitable
I prefer low sugar over high sugar and I prefer fruit cakes over vesitable cakes
There were so many cakes around there
I was really thinking because I wanted to eat a lot of cake at this store. Perhaps you meant-->, I really had to hold myself back because I wanted to eat lots of cakes
Silver week has just begun
We're now on a holiday called the Silver Week
We can travel around the city or go abroad
The Silver Week is 5-day long, from saturday to wednesday
I went to Oosaka this summer so I cannot travel far away this time but I plan to visit my friends
I have not enough money for travel anyway
However, I'm planning to travel in England next year
I have to be careful not to spend too much money
I'm going to Roppongi tomorrow to meet some friends who can speak English."
Business Model
We have decided to redesign our business model
We no longer sell directly to consumers
With this model, we are worried that writers will not be interested because we
do not collect consumer data. - (I think this is what you want to say, but I'm not sure
So, we need a new advantage
Plan 1
We plan to enable people who have a lot of valuable information but aren't good at sharing
it with society
The problem with plan 1
Plan 1 will earn little money, although it has a lot of social signifigance
Having such a business model for our company strengthens our motivation to work, but we cannot live without food and shelter
The nuclear power plant problem
I'm sorry that I couldn't schedule the meeting
Are you in the situation to attending a the meeting next week
Please let me know which date is the best for you, the 24th, 25th or 26th
By the way, are you made to be puzzled confused due to the false rumor concerning the nuclear power plant
As for this problem, Mr
Mr. Kenichi Omae's explanation of this problem is the most reliable, I think
He was one of the most famous business consultants in Japan and his former job was engineer of a nuclear power plant
Only in Japanese
You might not have enough time to watch all of this movie as it is very
He is very logical. In short, he said the following: 
1: A nuclear explosion will never occur (at the power plant
2: The Metropolitan area, around Tokyo is safety
3: The nuclear power industry in Japan will end."
My kids have changed my thought
95% area of my son's brain is occupied by Pokemon
But Even my son, a child like this, could recently enter a primary school recently. (sounds more natural to put adverbs before the verb they modify
What a compulsory education! I understand what you mean, but it doesn't sound very natural.Try something like\"I'm impressed by Japan's compulsory education!\" or \"I'm grateful for compulsory education
He is the boy who always dreams to be a Pokemon Master, but he has grown well without any serious illness and injury. illnesses or injuries
Although I was a beginner father (my son is my first child ) and he is fickle, he has grown
into a kind and strong boy respecting me as his father. *moved above
Before I had my children, I had did not liked any kids very much before I had my own, because almost all of them are selfish and noisy
But being a father made my thoughts about kids change naturally
Now, I love not only my children, but also all kids
However, it is not strange for Japanese people to make the same kind of mistake
So, almost all Japanese people are not good at distinguishing the English pronunciation of \"R\" from \"L\"."
Preparing for the Entrance Test For MA lessens my free time, so I seldom surf the Internet nowadays。
I opened my mailbox just now and a familiar name, \"Lang-8\", came into my sight so I clicked the website and here I am. 
DO NOT KNOW WHAT TO WRITE. 
just wish you ，who see this essay， a happy ！I just hope that whoever see's this entry is happy!"
I am a freshman at university
I got to know this web site several days ago, and I have got through some entries written by others
I will spend some time to correct Chinese learner's entries
Because I wish more and more people could appreciate my mother tongue."
I have to watch high school volleyball on TV
Tonight, I drank alcohol with my friends
I don't know the reason why we got together 
 but It was a  very nice day
And before long , we will meet again and go to a  food shop with  fried vegetables and meat on skewers
I am looking forward to seeing  them
By the way, I have started watching high school volleyball on TV recently
Though I wasn't much been interested in volleyball itself originally
I was moved by  the boys and girls who play so passionately
That is why I am looking forward to it coming on TV
On Friday, the championship game will be on
I want to go to see it in person
There is a lot of pollen around today
I have bad hay fever, so I use a lot of tissues
By the way, recently I found a job 
I want to be a global leader in the future
Therefore, I immediately started studying English
First,I will enhance my writing skill by using lang-8, my reading skill by reading Cnet news, and my listening skill by using a textbook
and listeningskill by text book
Second,I will go abroad to study
And finally, I will make sure that I realize my dream 
Today is a reading day
So I will read a lot of news
At present, I have been in Starbucks in Kawagoe, studied Kanji and done net surfing
This is because my friend moved there a few days ago. He will become a member of society next month
My friend's house is very beautiful and more it costs twelve thousand yen a month, which is much cheaper than I thought. 
He was got married this January. His wife cooked dinner by using the materials my friend,Yoshihiro Shiobara, and I bought at the nearby super market 
Saucepan cooking The stew was very delicious
After eating dinner, we played with the wii
It has a lot of many kinds of the games. For example, ping pong, Chanbara and basketball. It was very interesting and I think thought I want to buy it
He has a pet dog, so I played with it
At first, it at barked me loudlyheavyly ,but became attached to me gradually
We took our time entering the gym
because a large audience was in the gym.(Please pardon me. I will try to think of a more natural expression
I was surprised that despite the game of high school students
there was a large audience
In the game
I watched the boy's final game of a tournament, Toyo vs
The ace of the Toyo team is Yanagita who got the award for best attack 
in the world youth volleyball
His attack was very nice, and it made audience excited
This is because not only almost of all the students in Toyo high school were there cheering the players, but OB and OG parents and teachers as well
parents and teachers was there for cheering the players
And I thought that I tried various things very hard.(Pardon me, this sentence is a little awkward and perhaps a little difficult to understand
Good night evening everyone.（「Good Night]は、「お休み」の意です）
I came home now by taking the last train
Today, I met with my close friend and drank alcohol for long time
We are job hunting now ,and we've got some unofficial offers little by little
Then we discuss which company to go
One is not a transfer, another is no chance to make a project, and so on
After all, we couldn't come to a conclusion, but had a good discussion
He is a best good friend for me
Whatever he is, I hope that I will get along well with him
Today is was a good day
Now, I introduce myself 
I'll write down my profile
coming from Nationality: Japanese
Occupation: university student
This is because I want to be a global leader in the future
For that,I think I must acquire writing and communication skills
So I started lang-8 because this will helps me with them
So, please be a friends with me
Recently I was busy, so I couldn't write my diary in English
But it is interesting to study <meta charset=\"utf-8\">continuously every day
This is why I decide to write in my diary in English every day
I know he score of the TOEIC TEST  that I took the other day
I won't graduate by with this score
I absolutely need to raise the score by 100 points
Now,I am going to go to a cram school
My part time job is lecturing at a cram school
So I am getting ready
I teach the kids which  are at the top of their class in the 8th grade
Today, when I left cram school , It was slightly raining outside
Unfortunately, I didn't have an umbrella ,so I borrowed one
Thanks to it, I could go home without getting wet
By the way, I have recently been reading one book a day
Until now, I haven't almost never read the books 
So I've started to read it too late
and to think like many famous people , (or 'to get the mindset of many famous people
I've decided to read at least one hundred books 
From now on, after reading the book
I will write my feeling about the book.impression of the book. 
Making dust clothes
In the afternoon after I folded the laundry, I was asked by my mother to make dustclothes by using the old towels
They were so old that the corners of them were limp and it was difficult to fold them into a rectangular shape
Besides, the sewing machine make noises while sewing, and its needle stopped when it sewed a hard part of the towel
The sewing machine is my mother's and its old and yellowish
I was tired and had a headache
I came to this \"Lang-8\" today for the first time, and I've just finished checking some diaries that were written in Japanese
And I've just finished checking some diaris which was written in Japanese
Every Saturday and Sunday, I usually have nothing I have to do
I like to make something fine with my hands
I'm thinking about what to make after this
It's been a long time since I wrote in my journal here
Anyway, I've been preparing for a student exchange program
The process is quite complicated, but I'm looking forward to experiencing new world
I'm going to the University of North Carolina @Asheville
I searched the website of UNC, and it said it had beautiful scenary with mountains behind it
I've also tried to find the students going there on Facebook, but I'm not familiar with it
I don't know how to use it:{ Maybe I should try again!"
to find out about this site
It's my first time writing on Lang-8
Thanks a lot
I'd like to say in advance that
I want to improve my speaking, and also meet many good people around the world
Plus, I want to help others who want to learn Korean
I wish everyone a good luck in their lives."
I did not think that no one anyone could understand my heart, much less confort me in here
But when I read the last previous diary's comments, I knew that it was not true
From what I observed people in here really read a diary that strangers wrote, and write comments with so much feelings
And I think that I can study hard like they study a language."
My friend told me I can use omegle to chat with foreigners
but I don't think it's not suitable for me. (you can use \"um...\" or you can use \"but,\" but you can't use them together in this case
My typing is not so I can't type very fast, and if the one person who is talking with me suddenly gets disconnected then I (remember that there is no space between a comma and the word before it, for example \"fast, and\" not \"fast ,and
After this kind of things happening certain several times, now I'm a little bit afraid of using omegle
I'm sad right now:'( (Of course, \"Sad right now\" works for text messages or Facebook updates, but you really shouldn't leave out pronouns in general writing, even it's just for fun and not that professional.)"
Have you guys ever seen \"Coraline\"? If not, you must go and see it now! You just can't miss this great movie
If someone were to ask me what is my favorite movie is now, I definitely will say Coraline
Since seeing the trailer on HBO ONE ON ONE I can't wait for its release
Now I can see it on HBO, I've already watched it about 7 times
I love its soundtrack and the way they used it while shooting
Coraline is an interesting little girl and her \"other mother\" is really weird and scary
Maybe I will like my \"other mother\" if she doesn't have button eyes or transform into a huge spider when she's get angry
I really really enjoyed Coraline. --->or I really enjoyed my time with Coraline
If there has are any mistakes (like vocabulary or a grammatical problem) please tell me! Thanks! Oh and if you also like this movie just give me your responses or opinions
So I want to improve my English
For me, it's still very hard to write a diary by German,but i will do my best
If you find any mistake, just cross it out
Then I can figure out my problem
Help Me Improve My English
I want to study in America, but my English is too poor; especially my ears, they always refuse to service me
In addition, my writing is also poor
I hope I can find someone to help me in this area
I'm having trouble using English at work
Today I went to Al-Haram. It was great. 
i didn't have any action today 
It wasn't a very busy day and I just enjoyed time with my family. 
Now I'm very tired. 
I think I need to sleep
Ah I forget to thank the girl who helped me
Ah my English is very bad. "
I have been studying English for 9 months
I have passed the grade 4 (in the EIKEN test) but I think my English is not good enough. **levels 4 とは英検４級のことでしょうか？間違っていたらすみません
It's a kind of luxury that you can enjoy only during the holiday season, to go to bed and wake up at anytime you want to
But since the holiday is coming to an end, I have to go back to regular hours
I have some essays to write, but before doing that, I'll go for a walk before the sun goes down. (that second comma doesn't belong, it's hard to show that though
Although I want to write about night my visit last night to which is held on the Eikando-temple, it I am too sleepy to write about it
I will write about it next time."
In this season, Autumn it is being cold and leaves of Japanese maple are turning yellow
The Higashiyama area turns to be more is the most humble during autumn than the other seasons, so you will find beautiful sights in the area
Tonight, I took tried to take photographs of the this temple, but it was too dark. to do
So, These photographs did not turn out. are not beautiful very much
I will take some photos which I will upload to this site before it gets too dark."
This is the first diary entry that I have written a in english
I am abashed embarrassed that, because of my  diary is poorly written
If you find my correction an error in my diary, will you please correct it."
I first went to the Heian-jingu shrine at Night
There are many sightseers from several different countries including Japan in this area
The Heian-jingu shrine was built in the 19th century to praise the virtue of two emperors
The year when the buildings of this shrine were completed had been just 1100th since the old capital of Kyoto was founded
One is the first emperor, Kanmu, who first opened Kyoto city, and the other is the last emperor, Komei, who based in Kyoto.   &nbsp;&nbsp; The Emperors this shrine is dedicated to is Kanmu, the emperor who first established Kyoto city, and Komei the last emperor to rule in Kyoto
The building in the Heian-jingu shrine is a replica of the imperial palace in Kyoto city in the 8th century
In this conference, I got knowledge to improve of my study
The Eikando-temple is holding the special night visits in this season
The Eikando-temple is one of the most famous temple and garden."
I like going around Kyoto city at night, because there are not many people in the city
At night, you can see different sights than in the daytime
If you come to Kyoto, try to walk around the city at night
There aren't any problems with crime in Japan, but on the other hand you cannot ask anyone where you are if you are lost."
I don't have any events to write in this site every day
Kyoto is an old capital in Japan and has many traditional buildings,such as temples and shrine, including seventeen sites of the Unesco world heritage
I will write about the Higashiyama area in Kyoto next time."
The Japanese political situation has been confusing recently
Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama has not shown much leadership and has not been very decisive
The most important political problem forthe Hatoyama Administation is the problem of the Futenma  Base, by this I mean, that  to which placewhere should the American forces stationed on Futenma Street on Okinawa in Japan should be relocated
The Administation has not found the ideal solution to this problem yet
But the deadline is by end of the month in May, according to the agreement the Japanese and the U
S. government settled on last year
If Prime Minister Hatoyama doesn't propose a good solution to U
S government, he will resign his position, because it means he has broken the promise he made in the election
Japan needs a good prime minister who has charismatic like Jyunichiro Koizumi having who served as prime minister from 2001 to 2006."
I will take pre-1st grade level English proficiency（英語検定準１級）early next month ,which is a  test approved by the Ministry of Education
If you pass the exam, you can certify your English reading and listening skill
Therefore it is said that you will get an   advantage over people who don't   pass one, when you enter a company in the future
I'm especially poor at listening in   English
I can't depend on friends of Lang8 as for listening skill, so I have to study by myself
It think it is difficult,but I found that there are many people in the world  who study for the test of Japanese such as ”日本語検定”in the world through Lang8
It encouraged me,  and I decided I would try my best to pass the exam."
I watched the movie \"Catch me if you can\", which was filmed in the U.S. In it, the main actors are Leonald Dicaplio and Tom Hanks
It's a very thrilling and so interesting movie
Karl Abagnail, who is played by Leo, is a swindler who cashes a forged check and gets some money
In the end, he is arrested by the investigator that Tom plays. However, afterward, his ability to make a forged check is praised and he gets employed by competent authorities of finance
This ending is especially interesting
The movie in this time gave me an aspact of  seeing the new Dicaplio. Sorry, I don't know what you mean by this sentence
From now on I will look forward to seeing the his movies
By the way, I didn't watch the movie without Japanese subtitles
I have studied English for about 6 years in junior high and high school, but to listen to native English speakers is still difficult for me
Driver's License
These days I go to driving school
I've finished half of the curriculum without any accidents
But the other half will be a little bit difficult and dangerous because it includes parallel parking, freeway driving and so on
I hope that there will be no accidents and I can get a driver's license."
This is my first time writing a diary in two years
I graduated from graduate school in March and got a job in April
Here, there was one thing that I was happy about
Many St-Pierre fans imitated him and wore headbands printed with Japan's national flag
St-Pierre has been practicing karate since he was 6 years old and respects Japan, so he wears a Japanese headband during the entrance before his match
I'm happy for that, and am proud of Japanese culture."
Today I had a lot of fun with my friends at a BBQ in my laboratory
I teach mainly math and science
I have to change how to explain to and contact with them due to since each student because a different student has a different abilityies and character
Tomorrow i will go to megamall for real shopping!! I have a lot of money because I earned it
That's one thing i'm sure of
I'm new on this site.  I want to live abroad so that's why I learn foreign languages.  I am learning English, German and Spanish and will be glad if anybody wants to help me. 
This summer I will enter university and I will have exams in English
So in a week I want to improve my knowledge, and if anybody wants to help me with present perfect continuous and past perfect continuous I will be very happy
Thank you
And I am waiting for your corrections."
ich schlafe nicht und ich weiss nicht warum... ich nicht schlafen kann.(es ist besser wenn man den Satz ausschreibt\/fertig schreibt
and i dropped in stopped by my favorite Starbucks
its really  a pleasure to drink the nicest coffee and eat the most beautiful (heh) cookies
I have seen an amazing film called The Pianist
It's narrating about the difficult life way of the great Polish pianist Vladislav Spielman
I just have have just cried
It's sooo hard such a great movie and now it has become one of my favorites
I also like other films such as The Other Boleyn Girl, The Day After Tomorrow
What else
I think it's the best movie of all times
It's really truthful and i  I like it!!!)))))"
I got up at 5:30a.m. on this morning, (add next sentence
because I had to get on a highway express bus  from the bus stop in front of Tokiwa Department store at 7:00a.m
I went to the bus stop by a taxi
At first, I wanted to get there by bus
But I didn't have enough not so much time to go there left
I payed 740 yen to the taxi driver
I reserved the bus seat yesterday yet
I bought the 4-ticket set
I used two tickets on this trip
It takes about 2hours and 15minutes from Oita (in front of Tokiwa department store bus stop) to Fukuoka_(Hakata bus center
A lot of things have happened recently
Work is busy. You could say: (I am busy with a lot of work) to make it sound more natural. 
I got back from Beijing the day before yesterday
We (I) need earn money and improve my English first...."
Monday is a heavydifficult day
Yesterday was the Lord's day and the tEaster day
I ate egg and listened to holy songs
In the afternoon, i played tennis with my churchmate
i enjoyed a happy day
but Monday is a heavydifficult day
It's anthe aftereffect
i can't work well and even doze off sometimes
I went to the summer festival with my friends last Saturday
It was a rainy day
I felt a little depressed
I want it to be a sunny day tomorrow
I am a student and I am studying economics
especially European economics
I like classical music
I don't do any sports now, but I belonged to boat club in my university,"
Today, I went to my speaking class. When I pushed the door open, I saw only one student. I was very scared because my speaking was very bad. I can't talk with my English teacher
He is a foreigner and he knows only a little Chinese. I was afraid we couldn't communicate, but I tried. I hope he knew what I said
After a while, other students came. We finished with our talk."
He told take my father he is involved in a money laundering and needed him to cooperating cooperate with the Liuzhou police
This news story is was very funny since my father has never been to Liuzhou, and we don’t have any friends from liuzhou there
So, I guess he is was a swindler
He’s His phone number also tell showed me that this his phone have had problems
At once, I called the 110. I take told him them I met a swindler, and that I needed help."
I've been studying English for 9 months, but my English grammar is still too poor so I want to find people who can help me study English
I hope some people can improve my spoken language or writing."
At first, for those who don't know a lot about me, I will tell you that I am kind of addicted to Magic
It has been my hobby since I entered my university, and I even set up a magic club in it, because there was no magic club in the university
Anyway, yesterday I watched the practice of my junior, who is going to participate in the coming contest next month.   (\"The practice of my junior\" sounds a bit strange. You might want to say, \"I watched my junior practice
Because it was at night, every classroom in the university was closed, so we decided to practice in a family restaurant in Shibuya
It must have been an unusual sight for those nearby to see two men were fiddling with playing cards
Fortunately, my junior's magic went well, we got a good reaction and a big applause
To our joy, they had us remain at their table, and treated us to dinner
At that time, we were a little bit drunk and got carried way, and we answered to this question in an arrogant way, saying
Now that I think about it, what a shameful thing I said
Anyway, it was getting late, so they stood up from chairs and said they had to leave
and Mrs. (Use \"Mrs\" when talking about a woman who is married
I wonder how foreign people see Japan's peaceful constitution
Our constitution was actually imposed on us by the country which occupied our country from 1945 to 1952, the United States of America, on us, and suprisingly It hasn't been revised since then
Because Article 9 in our constitution prohibits our troops, Self-Defence Forces, from being dispatched to battle fields, the troops didn't taken part in the wars until the end of the Gulf war
Well, in a strict sense, the existence of SDF in itself is actually the violation of Article 9, but for the sake of simplicity let's put it aside for now
During the Gulf war, because we were not able to dispatch the SDF to Kwait, we assisted Kuwait and the international force with a plenty of money--more than 13 billion dollars
However, this was regarded as an arrogant attitude-- trying to solve every problem with money--and Japan was criticized by countries all over the world
After the end of the Gulf war, the newspaper in Kuwait listed the countries which had assisted them on its paper, but there was no mention of Japan.) 
Since then, Japan has begun to think seriously about how they should contribute to the world
Nowadays, many politicians are moving on to revise the Constitution, especially Article 9, so that the SDF will be able to be sent to battlefields
Actually, the number of citizens who demand the revision is also increasing too.  (You can either use \"also\" or \"two\" but not both
The other is to remain as it is now, and be an exemplary country which pursues the world of non-violation.  (I'm not sure if \"world\" would be the right word to use
So I will refrain from expressing my own opinion against this problem
I hope this essay will help you understand the problem of the constitution in Japan.)"
Do you know that windows in the buildings built a long time ago, let's say 500 years ago, are thin at upside the top and thick at downside the bottom
However, these things are only the part of glass
In actuallity actuality, the word \"glass\" is used in a more broad sense in a the scientific world
The glass used in our daily lives consists mainly of silica dioxide
このトピックは分かりませんから、正しいかどうか分かりません。　しんじは頭がいいですね？
However, you should not only think of glass as a substance made up of silica dioxide
Actually, many kinds of substances can be glass; even water can be glass too
The defenition definition of glass is \"the state of frozen-like liquid, which has randomly-disposed molecules.\" Be careful not confuse it with solid, which has regular molecular location
Anyway, as I mentioned above, glass is a state of frozen-like liquid, so it possesses the characteristics of a liquid
This film hit the screen quite recently, and I am not sure whether it is being shown in Japan, because I got the DVD from my friend, who download it on the Internet
The story is that of a Palestinian refugee boy who was shot by the Israeli military forces. The military forces mistook the 10-year-old boy playing with a toy gun for a member of the extremist
Finally, the doctor told his father that the only way to make the most of his death is to transplant his organs to other kids, the Israeli children
Well, this is the main story in this documentary
The father debates whether he should give his son's organs to the Israeli children, whose country's military killed his son
iPhone
Yesterday, I bought an iPhone, which I had wanted for so long! (It is normal for Japanese people to start with \"Time, noun verb..etc.\" To show difference in your sentences, try starting your entries with Nouns first. \"Ex: I bought an iPhone yesterday, one which I had wanted for so long
I am quite satisfied and surprised with its functionality, simply by using it. (Your English is flawless, and the only thing there is to correct is your sentence structure, which in itself is fine enough, but typical for Japanese people
A brand newly purchased iPhone doesn't contain a lot of many functions, which is still far superior to other cell phones, but however you can add as many applications as you want by downloading them from the Internet. (But is to contradict something, however is used to add something
The application which surprised me the most was the Google searching system
With it, you can search any information on the internet without typing any word! (You must type something in order to search, right 
The only thing you have to do is to say what you want wish to search into the mobile. (Ah I see
This voice recognition system is so great that it can also recognize very complicated words! (You should check the HTC phones too 
It even can even recognize the words such as \"Maxwell Boltzman distribution\", which is a jargon in the field of chemistry
If you still don't have it own one, I strongly recommend you buy it!! (iPhones are nice, but it is all a matter of taste, expenses and one's actual needs, right
Of course, its monthly cost is a little bit higher than others phones, but it really deserves it is worth it.)"
Now I am on a job hunt
From the beginning of August, I just started my job search
I don't know what the job hunting is like in other countries, but in Japan you have to confront the great inconvenience concerning the hotness of the summer in Japan
No matter how hot it is outside, you have to get into your suit to take part in companies' briefing sessions
I really hate that I have to wear a tie in such a drastic heat
Well, it's no good grumbling about it, so I will talk about what kind of job I want to get
Although I am studying chemistry at my university, I have a strong interest in consulting companies
The content of their job is a mixture of logical thinking, in other words creativity, and the communicating with clients
I am very satisfied with what I am doing right now, science, but it lacks the communication with other people
Because in my job I want to have a communicate with people at the same time as thinking, I have come to think that a consulting company is the best choice for me
but I'll do my best
Nowadays everyone has a microwave oven in their home, and gains benefits from it
Firstly, do you know that microwave ovens can neither heat nor melt an ice
Microwave ovens are home electronics that can be utilized to heat food by exposing it to the microwaves which generate from the attached parts called \"Magnetrons
this is because a water molecule is polarized, but I won't go further into it for the sake of simplicity.) This vibration causes friction  (Friction is already plural) between the water molecules and the inside of foods, which results in the generation of heat, and of course this heat increases the temperature of the food
I hope you could instinctively understand the system of microwaves with this explanation
Actually the way I explained it is not scientifically rigorous, but it doesn't make a big difference in the result
So now let's go back to the question written above, why ice cannot be heated by micro wave ovens
High-class restaurants in Japan, which is often called \"Ryotei\", has have been experiencing several hardships in this these past 20 years
The first hardship was the bursting of the bubble economy, which took place around 1990, and the second was the recent Lehman collapse
These incidents have caused the  decrease of in their the number of customers, but still they Ryotei could continue  were still able to operate business due thanks to the patronage of politicians
Ever since the period of post-war economic growth period, Ryotei had have been used by many politicians for factional meetings during an elections and periods of Cabinet formation
The change in administrations will be a big blow for them
Because the new administration, the Democratic Party, is very eager to reduce waste wasteful spending, the DP members of it are not likely to use go to expensive restaurants
Well, Such a case this would be the start of really a tough time for [the] Ryotei
Actually, many of them has have closed recently
In my opinion, it this is the time for them to diversify their business
Maybe they should expand their customers base to include the average people, who normally couldn't wouldn't be able to visit Ryotei due to lack of money."
Recently I started to play a Nintendo DS video game
The Nintendo DS has plenty of study software where you can study what you are interested in, such as English, history, economics, and so on
Right now I am playing a game where you can learn the world map
I am ashamed to say that I was so poor a student during high school that I didn't know the places of many countries till fairly recently. More natural: I am ashamed to say that because I never paid attention in high school, I didn't know the location of many countries until recently
However, this game really helps me improve my knowledge of geography
If you have a Nintendo DS, I strongly recommend you use these games to learn the field you want to improve!"
Unfortunately, Tokyo dropped out in the second round
When I saw that Chicago dropped out at the first vote, I strongly believed that Tokyo would win this vote, but I was wrong
It's really a monumental thing to have the Olympics in South America
Takeshima Territory Issue
In 1952, the Korean president at the time, Rhee Syngman, declared that the ocean area including Takeshima belonged to Korea, and this was actually the start of this festering dispute between Japan and Korea
When the Japanese Education Ministry guidelines were announced in 2008, Korea responded strongly against them, because the guidelines said that there is a discrepancy between Japan and Korea regarding Takeshima
This story tells us of the difficulty in  solving this problem
This entry's aim is to let you know about the Takeshima Territory issue and not to blame Korea
Today I spent my whole day setting up the an apparatus which measures the heat capacity of substances.  \"the\" can fit here also, but because you are talking about one apparatus, \"an\" is more correct
I am researching about water, and by using this apparatus I am searching for the existence of the 4th phase of water! Misspelling. 
Wow, how long it's been since I wrote_a diary
Well, nice to meet you again, do you still remember me?? (laugh
I have always wanted a pet_parrot for my magic show, and now I have one
I bought a chick, which is tough to raise, because it is more easy to make it friendly withacclimatize it to (OR: make it familiar with)human beings. [\"acclimatize\" is more formal\/technical
I will be able to know it in one year, (but)_that's such a long time
I hope the parrot is male, because it is said that male parrots_are more talkative than females - this is because male parrots_have to mesmerize_attract females by singing during_estrus
Today was the start of the new term in my university. Do you mean that your previous semester was over and the next one about to begin
When I was looking for classes which piqued my interest, I found a very intriguing class
It was called the \"Esperanto-language course\". Or just: It was \"Esperanto\". 
Its grammatical system and vocabulary are mainly based on European languages, but many complicated things, such as the gender of nouns, the indefinite article and so on, are eliminated from it
I especially found it especially helpful that there is no indefinite article in this language, because the concept of it is difficult for Japanese to grasp. I would say this sentence: \"I found it especially helpful that there is no indefinite article, because it's a difficult concept for Japanese to grasp.\" How you wrote it is fine, but it sounds a little formal 
Unfortunately, this language has not spread very widely among people, so very few people can speak it. I would leave off \"among people\" (who else can speak the language apart from people? :) 
However, I, who am a little bit weird, like studying something which is not popular and seems to be unuseful! I'm not sure if \"unuseful\" is a word, generally people say \"not useful\". \"and does not seem to be useful
I am planning to take the level four of the Esperanto Language Proficiency Test(ELPT) at the end of the year
I prepare prepared for an examination
I am very tired, and have not been slept well, though it is necessary in order to pass the exam have been sleeping during time long though it is necessary to study."
I send an e-mail via my sell cell phone to my girlfriend every morning. Note: I think 'girl friend' is simply referring to a friend who's a girl, while 'girlfriend' means your love partner. 
so she do. So does she
But today, she didn't do it till at the time she usually does
I was worried that she might have got fallen ill. Note: We usually 'fall ill', not 'get ill
Actually Turns out OR In actual fact, she couldn't get up because she stayed up late last night."
I heard that one of my colleagues will move to another section in Fukuoka
And another colleague will move to another section in Osaka
section in about two months, I am very embarrassed.(I am not sure that \"embarrassed\" is the correct word here. The nuance here sounds like 恥ずかしい。Is that what you mean
Since two members of four members will move
the work we have been
doing will not finish for a long time."
My girlfriend has stayed in Osaka for four days in during this holiday
We went to the Universal Studio Japan and Shinsekai
Since she went back to Tokyo, I have started to feel lonely..."
Topics for Today(on March 14
I took an English examination
The results of the test were bad
I went to a Korean restaurant with my girlfriend after the exam
She was very angry because I was too busy to learning English and I didn't worry about her
I was also disappointed."
They have been suffering making a huge losses every day
For instance, mechanics, pilots, flight attendants earn decent wages
The president Kazuo Inamori can't announce a concrete plan to recover them yet
Hereafter, sales and the profit will keep declining."
I have four people in my family
Father, Mother, big brother, and me
My father is managing a real estate office
He has an apartment, and gets rent income
My mother helps my father, and she does housework
I have been memorizing English words by using a textbook
I write I am going to write\/I will write some sentences by using memorized words
My girlfriend like likes to compose poem, and she has a talent for it poetry
I respect Shinji Yamamoto, who is a very famous consultant in Japan
I came back home at 8 o'clock
It was earlier than usual
Today, I have been in my client's office all day long
After I came back home, I took a walk for an hour to keep fit
As it's very hot and humid in Tokyo today
I soaked with sweat. I was very sweaty.\/ I was perspiring a lot
I took a bath with a cool water
I was very relaxed!"
Three Topics For Today
I read a magazine that discussed methods in studying English
･I decided to keep a diary in English, because it is an effective way to learn. English
･My business partners are interested in knowing how  to strengthen the organization."
I'm having breakfast at a cafe near the office, I ate some pieces of bread, a boiled egg and a cup of coffee
I made a report of issues that my client has
After I finished working, when we were having dinner, my supervisor said that he will quit this company
I was really shocked
He said that I haven't done my best on work
I was really shocked."
Nice to meet you. I would like to Then introduce myself
I work as been engaged in a consultant with a focusing on the main contact center
Recently, I began started studying English
March 14th my is the first day to take I am eligible to take the TOEIC test."
The weather forecast said that it will snow from tonight
I started learning English at the beginning of this year
I would like to speak English fluently, and want to take
an active part globally in business
I want to talk in English with a foreigner."
Last Sunday I went to the 'MATSURI' - Japanese traditional festival - with my girlfriendlast sunday
A lot of peaple go to 'MATSURI' wearing 'YUKATA', Japanese traditional clothes - 
The yukata made by using various kinds of dyestuff is very beautiful and colorful. Yukata is made using various kinds of dyes. It is colorful and very beautiful
I went to \"BONODORI MATSURI \" festival held in U. I also went to the \"Bondori Matsuri festival held on the U.S. base called \"Zama Camp
There were so many food store places to eat, that I ate too much
On the way come back to home, I had to be on the train for one and a half hours
I have to be on train for one and a half hours. (<- delete
Although I was very tired and sleepy, I couldn't sleep because I was painful. in pain."
I walk for 30 minutes every morning to the office 
I'm moderately refreshed 
Since the meeting that I was going to present broke up, I had time to spare in the morning
I'll begin learning English at my favourite cafe
I figured out 27 English practice question and made only 5 mistakes
If it was a year ago, I might have made more mistakes."
She wants to be able to swim in the sea
She began an exercise of the swimming in the pool
I am teaching her how to swim."
I made an account of on Twitter: \"@kazuyuki_takano
I will write English sentences to learn English
To Make Making English sentences
I started the practice to make English sentences.I start to practice by making English sentences
The practice is to translate the a simple Japanese sentence to English
My summer vacation begin begins from today
It's It lasts 5 days
Sinece Since I've worked working hard for few several months and got getting up early everyday to learn English, I'm now very tired
I'm going to I will sleep, reflesh refresh myself, exercise, and so on. (WILL is better than 'going to' here. It shows a definite plan of action)"
I've read a newspaper and book for three hours
I've been seriously learning English since this January. (Another way you could say this is \"...since January this year
Learning English was so tough for me that I sometimes thought I would give up it
I found I became to be able to read, write, speak, and listen understand English
I got to know with people learning English like me
To communicate with them is exciting too
In t This morning, I twisted my ankle when I was got halfway to the office
I was looking ed the other way when I was walking and fell in a ditch
I fell in ditch
With the development of the Internet technology, more and and more digital products are being widely used in people’s lives
Such items include mp3, PSP and digital cameras
These things have improved our quality of life. (\"quality of life\" is a set phrase, so this sounds more natural than \"life's quality
In my opinion, there are at least two effects that these productions have on us
First and foremost, there is no doubt that these products make our lives more convenient
For example, we can listen to music everywhere thanks to mp3
However, there are also some disadvantages
For example, many mobile phones now have an e-book function, which allows users to read some books via a mobile phone
While The word size on the screen is very small
In addition, fewer and fewer people use handwriting; instead they use computers
I don’t think this trend is a good for our Chinese because it does not promote our Chinese culture of calligraphy
So I wrote this comprehension to practice
I wish someone can would help me to check in over it
SHOULD ONE EXPECT A REWARD WHEN DOING A GOOD DEED
Different people have different views about whether or not one should expect a reward after doing a good deed
There are two kinds of opinions about on this matter
Some people considerbelieve that we ought to expect some rewards from others
as, after all, you one did help them when in from troubles
While the rest part of people other majority think that we shouldn't get anything from others after doing someone's favour
Lei Feng was respected by them very much. (Don't quite understand its role in the sentence
If you do a few good things to others, you'd better not to expect to take some rewards from this
In my opinion, after doing a good deed, you'll feel very happy
and compared with [BLUE]a[\/BLUE ]rewarding, the feeling of happiness is more important 
If all of us can help each other, our society will become more civilizedation and harmonious
This morning, I got a phone call from a manager who wants to hire an English teacher in a primary school
Besides, this school’s hardware is not complete
If I accept the invitation, I will work in Fengtai, Beijing in the future
But in fact, the work place that I want to go to most is Chaoyang, Beijing
I believe there are a lot of lucky things there. (Not sure of your intended meaning
Although I will work during the next several months, it’s very important for me to learn more knowledge, such as a second language
Sleeping too late
Recently, I've been sleeping at midnight
I don’t like my biological clock, it's broken
Though I know that staying up late has a bad effect on my health
But I can’t help it
When I turn on the computer, I always do a lot of things that are just for fun
Such as viewing the web pages,  watching videos, and so on
I know that I will get up late in the next morning
So many plans couldn’t be finished because of I was sleeping
Procrastination is my biggest disadvantage
I wish I couldfix it in the future
Then, I will be able to succeed."
It snowed while I was driving on the highway. 
Tomorrow, I will return to Japan
The road to the airport is frozen, and it should not be.  "
San Jose Christmas Parade
I went to downtown San Jose
Therefore I saw a Christmas parade
Because I did not expect it, I was surprised
Furthermore, I was surprised at the size of it\/the parade."
I am staying in the USA
I came to the USA through my work. *or* I came to the USA because of my work
I am staying in San Jose from Dec 1st to Dec 8th
I am looking forward to holiday shopping now because it seems to be the time for Christmas sales
Please tell me if you know a good place to shop
Also, please tell me if you know a shop for used records in or around San Jose."
I have been studying English hard these days. [or] I have been studying English very hard these days
I found this statement (as follows) in my textbook for studying English. (optional
Yes
Could someone tell me about the difference? [or] Could someone tell me the difference?"
A computer game called \"Three Kingdoms 11
These days I am into playing \"Three Kingdoms 11\" which is a computer game made by Koei
Koei is a Japanese game company
The company has made many great computer games such as \"Three Kingdoms\" and \"New Horizons
When I was back in middle school, I was hooked on \"Three Kingdoms 2\". [or] When I was in middle school, I was addicted to playing Three Kingdoms 2
I deeply realized the fear of computer game addiction at that time
But I have endured the attraction from \"Three Kingdoms\" since I was afraid of being a \"Pye-In\" in Korean
Pye-In\" literally means \"ruined person.\" | .\" 
This means an addicted person with a negative meaning. [or] This means an addicted person with negative connotations
Finally I started to play \"Three Kingdoms 11\" which is the latest edition of the three kingdoms series
I enjoyed that game for around five days whenever I have free time. 
But then she prohibited me from playing that game as I was getting too addicted. [or] But then she prohibited me from playing that game since I was getting too addicted
That made her stop me (from playing
I am having a hard time following her words. [or] I am having a hard time listening to her
Withdrawal symptoms are happening to me. [or] I am getting withdrawal symptoms (from the game
I have a good friend from high school
She goes to a nurses' school in Fukuoka
She has a dream to be a nurse of the pediatrics (department
I want to support her to fulfill her wonderful dream
She was full of energy."
When I entered high school, I was interested in the school's wind orchestra on the school
In the orchestra, there were a lot of people who had been playing each musical instrument since they were junior high school students. (or* since their junior high school years
I decided to play the flute
My flute technique progressed
I remembered many technical music terms
I was left a solo, but I was able to solo. 
I became a principal of flute part. 
The sense of responsibility was very large
I don't have my special flute (anymore
I love the sound of the flute. It is like the wind and the song of a bird."
教科書の中にの模様の意味は「花纹 文案」。
 It took a long time to write my diary
My travel to Italy was very very very great
I wanna write about it,but I don't have time now
Please check and correct my sentences
Kanako:What's the matter Bill?you look really serious
Bill：I am thinking about short skirts girls are wearing in this school
It's a problem
I agree
It's pretty disturbing
Bill：What can we do, Kanako
What do you think
Kanako：Or warn them
Bill：It will be tough
How should i tell them
Kanako：Well, you can tell them during classes
Bill：Ohhhh
Hey,girl!Shorten your skirt by about five centimeters, you'll look more cute 
I'm going to tell the principal
Bill ：Hey,I was just kidding
By the way, you are having eyebags
Bill：To tell the truth, I'm getting difficulty in sleeping lately
Take a bath for a long time,and drink some hot milk
That will make you feel relaxed
Bill：I've tried that
But it didn't work
I think i have some heart problems\/high blood pressure
Kanako：Oh!Don't stress yourself,and move your body
do some workouts\/exercises
Bill：I'll try that.Thanks for the concern
Why don't you join me？
Kanako：No,I still have many things to do
You're having a problem about a girl
Aren't you
Do you know her
Kanako：Why should I know. duh
That girl is you
After six months \/Six months has passed...it's kinda odd using half year
What's up with her
are the rumors true
Jane：The one about, Mr.Bill
stalking her
I don't want to disappoint you but I didn't get this part
Mikako：He is a sick pervert! ..I don't wanna teach you swear words Q_Q
Ri-wei：Hey!It's a big news!!!Have you heard about Miss Kanako
Mikako：About  the reason for her resignation,isn't it
Did you know it already ？
Anyway,it's really shocking
Ri-wei:Little did I dreamt that they'll get married...It's kinda archaic...I can't believe they're getting married
Mikako&Jane:WHAT?!! Unbelievable!!! shinjirarenai :D
Ri-wei：Huh,Didn't you talk about it? They'll hold the wedding in Hawaii next weekend."
What do you think is good about Japan?   ｢(´へ｀;  is the most \"literal\" translation, but other ways to say it might be: Name something good about Japan  | Name something you like about Japan | What do you like about Japan? |  What is it you like about Japan? | What's so great about Japan? (this last one sounds like a bit of a challenge.  that is, you're saying you can't find much to like about Japan, so is there actually anything to like?  I personally like this because it grabs the reader a little more and has more edge
Recently, I've felt I\/ I've started to feel I\/ I've begun to think I can't appreciate this country (or:   Recently I've felt that there isn't a lot\/much\/a great deal\/ too much to like about this country). (I have so many reasons for this.) (\"I have so many reasons for this\" is perfectly correct, but it sounds a little flat and prosaic [すなわち, 散文的な平凡な文体].  So you could say instead:  For far too many reasons that I don't feel like getting into here | For a whole laundry list of reasons I'll choose to\/I've chosen to\/I'm choosing to\/I've decided to spare you from [hearing] |  For God\/Lord knows how many reasons You also don't need to put this in parentheses.  It will look better if you just attach it to the main sentence
And my fixed ideas\/notions about  Japan's bad points | all that is wrong about Japan | all that is eye-gougingly maddening\/frustrating\/irritating about Japan\/this island   obscure my view\/outlook\/perspective like (a cloud of\/ a dense cloud of\/ a black cloud of\/ a thick and noxious cloud of)  smog
So, I want to\/I'd like to hear another\/someone else's take\/opinion on Japan (and all these mythical [\"mythical\" playfully suggests they don't exist] good points that I can't seem to see). (most literal translation is:  So, I want to hear about Japan from another angle
Please write your thoughts & feelings without reservation \/ ...feelings freely
The problem is What it is for in any case
I'd like to apologize for not checking this site for 2weeks, resulting in my late comments
And Thank you
Two weeks ago,I've been feeling heavy in the head
These days,I struggle to execute my art work,and I ponder what to bring to people
From the beginning, is there a demand for Japanese art
ANIME,GAME,MOVIE,MANGA,you know almost all of them(except for movies). These are what we Japanese are proud of
Of course ,I love them,but
Japanese arts, are for example are Nihonga,(Japanese-style painting),Ukiyoe(wood endraving),Chaki(teathings), Jiin(the architecture of temple and shrine),traditional architecture and city landscapes
These are all of crafts, not Arts
These looks like art, and the reason why these were born and could succeed was because the old Japanese generals favored beauty crafts
And on the threshold of an age of peace, Edo period, these luxury items became popular
Only Ukiyoe(Japanese printings) was born during the Edo period
It is like Managa and poster,supported by math. 
All of them are actually crafts in life
And crafts are made by the common people
Nowdays, it's say to sad that traditional crafts are no longer popular
People seek more convenient and comfortable products.(ummm
This subject is like a history lesson.) 面白い！！
On the other hand,modern art is not supported (?) by math in Japan
I worry about the worth of the Japanese culture
In this nation, people don't give weight to traditional culture, they don't think about preserving heritage in our lives
Companies want to multiply wearth, so they produce tons of waste and  products
The market is flooded with goods which is low quality, cheap, and unnecessary
I think that sticking to one good product for a long time is fine
Where will we-Japanese will go
I'm lost about what I should make
And there are many people who don't have philosophy
They don't have minds of their own
They can only say 'no' when it is unanimous. 
What is right and what is wrong, these thinking  are not important to them
The only important thing is safety-first
Many Japanese are unwilling to make waves in the community
However, they are under a stress
So they like to complain in more small groups or in the internet
Yet they don't move or raise their voice to make a difference
I told my friends about my thoughts and how I feel about Japanese people's infanticide, they became sulky and said 'That's the way it goes,I don't think it is much of a problem
What is the community for? Why do they have franchise
I was so tired thinking of these things, and my head grew heavier and heavier
I didn't want to see people, so I withdrew myself
I meditated, and I wanted to break free from this depressing state
And I thought that I should do some relaxing exercises
At that time, my friend invited me to her friend's mountain hut to  ski.,so why don't you skiing for a bit of relaxation
The mountain is in Nagano.  It holds the winter Olympic games  because the snow is good　condition and it is near to Tokyo
Under  the clear blue sky in the pure atmosphere, I enjoyed skiing
I worked all of my body and a part of my brains  which aren't usually used
At the end of the day, my mind became somewhat clearer. 
I love to ski
I think that skiing is the sport to hold a conversation with the mountains,I think
The ground and I
Listening in silence, talking to the slopes and to the snow
Harmonizing my body with speed, enjoying skiing on white snow, having a good soak in the bath. (?) sorry.. I hope I got your meaning right.. 
When the course doesn't go right, do some tricks to make the situation fun
Get on, bounce,and jump higher
Grasp the condition of the snow's surface and the steepness of the slope,concentrate your attentiopn on the point between your board and  the ground,and try to balance your weight and the world under your feet
It's impossible to ski like this
Estimate your body weight to the best of your ability and begin to glide in the air
It feels so good as the beautiful scenery flashes before you
You will feel good when the scenery connects with the ground. sorry.. I dont really understand
Days have passed
Beautiful scenery and pleasant fatigue have allowed me  to rest peacefully
I returned to Tokyo
And now, I hope that I'll be able to see this town from a new angle
And I decide to make a trip to Kyoto in this month to check out the society
Doing nothing but complaining gives me deep depression. In addition, nothing changes
I should take advantage of this problem,  change my work and then draw people into my vision
As if I run on root of wood,avail it to try to turn and enjoy spin. ahhh わからなかったのでもう一度やってみる？
I have decided that from now onwards, my work will be cutting and that it will [RED]strike a cord with people
Thanks for reading."
●I'm sorry to have kept you waiting,I wrote my diary in Italiano
But I began to study Italiano recently,so I hardly understand it Italiano! (出来るだけ同じ言葉を繰り返さない方がいい）
Maybe you'll find a lot of mistake is found in these sentences,please check and correct my sentences them,gentry...(please is enough
Ora, Io mi presenterò mio stesso
★Io amo i COMICO FUMETTI (comico=面白おかしい), i ROMANZI e la MAGIA!!!★彡
●COMICO FUMETTI●
Io amo moltissimo ⇔ comico i fumetti
Quindi, Io tenterò di scrivere comico un fumetto in questo inverno
●NOVELS ROMANZI●
Il mio più scrittore di favourite preferito è Haruki Murakami 
Le sue parole mi fanno entrare in un mondo di misterious realmente assolutamente misterioso
ed io lo sento (=sento questo mondo misterioso) come fosse la realtà
Io lessi Ho letto (遠過去(passato remoto)と先立て過去(trapassato remoto)時制は物語る場合だけに用いられる) pressocchè (pressochèは正しいけどpraticamenteの方はもっと口語) tutti suoi lavori
Ora io (主語は必要がないなら省略した方もっと自然) sto leggendo  'Dietro alle quinte al Museo' (これは翻訳した本の話題) scritto da Kate Atkinson
La sua descrizione della prospettiva visione del mondo da parte della ragazza (正しくないわけではないが、こうしたらもっと解りやすい) è molto vivida
è molto divertente
è Inoltre sto leggendo anche (動詞は遠いから繰り返した方がいい) 'Das Schloss'(Il palazzo) scritto da Franz Kafka (＝'Das Schloss'(Il palazzo) di Franz Kafka) e 'Faust' scritto da Goethe.(書ききれた名簿にはeを付いた方がいい
Io non posso so (＝non riesco a) leggere correntemente in lingue estere straniere. (と言うよりio faccio (molta) fatica a leggere (libri) in lingua stranieraの方はもっと自然
Io studio Magico (la) magia.(magicoは形容詞、magiaは名詞
Comunque, io non studio per trovare acquisire il poteri magici ed essere maga
Se io potessi usare magico, (io) posso lo farei.(仮定文章には接続法(modo congiuntivo)と条件法(modo condizionale)一組だ
Ma io non ho il poteri magici
Io mi piacciono grafico della Magia (?), Ayamasa (?), le storie di streghe e magicians maghi
mostri e così su via
Io amo il la loro misteriousness misteriosità
★★★Io viaggerò andrò ad in Italia!!! A dicembre dal 17 al 30.★★★
Io sto guardando in avanti molto moltissimo a lui! Non vedo l'ora! (もう待ちきれない
Cosi che è perchè É per questo (motivo) che io studio Italiano e linglese
Per favore conrolli controllate  le mie frasi ⇔ e datemi qualche consiglio corretto
Usando estero mette in parole Esprimersi in lingue straniere è molto difficile (; 
★Sul Riguardo il ritratto sul mio profilo ★
è una statua di bronzo di un mostro di giapponesse (YOOKAI) chiamato (主語は妖怪です) betobetosan
Questo mostro è diretto stato segnalato (?) da Sigeru Mizuki
Lui è un scrittore comico fumettista giapponesee Ricercatore su esperto di mostri 「che esistono nel mondo intero」 (meglio 「di tutto il mondo」
Io amo i mostri e li rispetto
●NOVELS ROMANZI●
My most favourite writer is Haruki Murakami.(favoriteの意味は「一番好きな」だからmostは要らない
●The way he discribes the strange world so realistically in his novels fills mie with misterious feelings.）(これは一番適当だと思います
I read almost  all of his work.(or I read most of his works.) 両方もいい
Her description of the  girl's perspective of the world is verry vivid
And 'Das Schloss'(The palace) written by Franz Kafka and 'Faust' by Goethe
Of course Ofcourse these are written ain Japanese
I can't read books which are written in overseas foreign languages fluently
Their's mysterious enchantment fascinates me
So that's why I study Italian and English
Please check my sentences ⇔ and give me some advice
Using overseas words foreign languages is very difficult(; 
It is a bronze statue of a japanese monster (YO-KAI) called \"betobetosan
This monster is directed was pointed out (?) by Sigeru Mizuki
He is a Japanese comic writer and researcher about monsters which exists in the whole all around the world 
I love monsters and respect him them
Starting today, I live in the school dorm
My parents and my brother are helping me to moved my stuffs
I can`t laugh aloud,and I bought 14 pieces of clothing a few days ago
For one T-shirt I only payed 100 NT$. 
I hope my new college life will be awesome\/ great."
Today I only have two classes
so I went to skateboarding 11 to 12 o`clock this morning
I went to my school`s restaurant for lunch, but it was very unappetizing and unpalatable
I will not (did`nt) go there ever again
As for dinner, it was super delicious
I danced with my friend in the evening
She taught me about SHINNE`s song-LUCIFER
This song is very fast and has a heavy tempo
But I learned it very happily
She is very patient, and I think she is a great teacher
Tomorrow I need wake up early
I have an exam tomorrow
My brain will explode
available
gunpowder
Coventry
Are these spelled wrong
And the Chinese exam is very boring
I don`t want to do it
I am going to study English 
Semester started already 3 weeks ago.\/ It's been already three weeks since school started
During these 3 weeks,I learned many things
I learned how to dance, how to paint and creat a storybroad , I basically learned how to do things by myself
And I have some plans, I want to make them come true
Firstly, I need to go to running for more than 30 up minutes
I was lost wight 10 kg in this summer.)You can say either 'I lost weight' or 'I lost 10 kilos
Secondly, I want to learn and practice English every day
Thirdly, I want to grow up and be a professional in my field
Lastly, I want to be happy everyday
Last year my college life was very colorful
I went to nightclubs with 5 of my friends and I had a lot of fun
I think it's good to go clubbing, but not too often
I don`t like it because a lot people smoke in there
And I put make-up on for the first time
I didn't know how to put it on, so my friend helped me
Than,I have 2 lovely roommates
We usually talk about what we'll eat\/have for breakfast tomorrow
And sometimes we are\/get so hungry that we can not sleep
They are funny guys
By chance I know him
He is a doctor specializing in child brain nerve surgery
He performs the surgery that no one else is willing to take on
He operates even if there is only a slim possibility of recovery
Did you think I meant \"TOILET
I was very excited about the WC because Japan advanced to the final knockout stage and I could see famous players in the world
NAGATOMO,the most defensive player in Japan team, was offered to transfer to Serie A
I had a date with my girlfriend
This was the first date
It looks like it was a good date
But I feel that she has no interest in me
I sent her en email to thank her for the date
but she didn't reply to it. (didn't
I feel so sad and sad."
I love the American drama,Gossip Girl
Today,I watched episode 4 and 5 of the second season
I like Serena
She is very attractive for to me. (you could also say \"I find her very attractive\" or \" I think she's very attractive
Who is the actress who is plays ing Serena 
I want to watch her other dramas or movies !!"
I'm on a ｓｈｏｒｔ　ｔｒｉｐ　ｔｏ　Ｏｓａｋａ,　ａｎｄ　Ｋｙｏｔｏ
which invovles my supervisors
I don't wish to
Holiday doesn't feel like holiday
Ｉ　ｄｏｎ’ｔ　ｗａｎt to　ｓｐｅｎｄ　ｔｉｍｅ　ｗｉｔｈ　ｔｈｅｍ during the ｈｏｌｉｄａｙsI don't wish to spend time with them during the holidays
I feel like I'm wasting time and money
Now I'm listening radio and one of the narrators says \"It's going to blow your socks off\" then I tried to check it through the net, but I didn't figure it out
One guy was released from jail after 17 years who was on charged of
Can you believe the fact that ordinary innocent guy was in jail for 17 years?) And most of the cases are not able to overturn the false charges
holding onto maybe a bible to think about what he or she has done and make it up for it
 It's so hard to pronounce for you. If it's hard to pronounce for you, just call me Toshi, instead! Your sentence was correct, but this might be better since you don't know for sure if the person has trouble pronouncing your name. Also, because \"If it's hard to pronounce for you\" isn't a complete sentence, I connected it to the next sentence with a comma
so I need to will introduce you a bit  about to Tokyo, for those of you who know nothing about that it or  who have never been to Tokyo. You could also say \"I will tell you a bit about Tokyo,\" and  \"a bit about\" would be used correctly then. 
When you're going to be arriving at Tokyo airport, so you're able to see a lot of skyscrapers, shopping malls, trainstations, and Xpwy connects in all directions that you can see from your airplane
just imagine that you're looking at it through the window of the plane at a height of about 500m
At Narita airport, you will be blown away by the crowd coming and going along the street and in lobbies and restaurants as well. I joined the part that you had in parentheses to this sentence because this way it's less choppy
lobbies and restaurants as well.)   And you're going to be disappointed when youre decided to take a rest at a coffee shop by and find a line of people waiting to have a cup of coffee! \"decided\" is past tense, but since the sentence is written in present tense I changed it to \"decide
Some of the lines takes 30min
Most of us are so tolerant of it.) 
You need to  ask someone how you're gonna get  there. \"Where can I get the ticket?\" Because you've started to use \"I\" instead of \"you\" I thought it should be in quotes, as if the person you're talking about is thinking this. I hope my correction makes sense to you
Should I go by bus? By train? So which train do I need to ride?\"  I think this part would flow nicely like that
Then you've decided to ask someone about it
But all you hear is Japanese, and most of us don't have a the capacity to understand what you're saying. I joined these two sentences together
Now you're here with me. (In my diary, at least...)   You don't have to add that last part, but I thought it helps to explain what you're saying
So I want you to help me to correct my grammer, phrase, and descriptions as well
Thank you very much for your time, and take care! I joined the last sentences together
It seems like the Japanese Cultural Affairs have decided to build a national pop culture center in Tokyo
They are focusing on the Manga culture, and try to promote Japanese animated films, Manga and game software the news paper said the other day
The location has yet to be decided but the agency is eyeing a spot in Odaiba
The official said they hope the planned facility, expected to open in two to three years, they will boost the profile of the Japanese pop culture and Manga culture, and become a new tourist spot that will attract foreign visitors who likes Otaku world:) , and computer geeks as well
Koizumi Junichiro released a dedicated Elvis Presley\"My very best\" album, that has picked-up Elvis Presley's old hit songs by him
He is a character in Japanese legend in that when he visited America, he played an air guiter and sang \"love me tender\" in front of  the President Bush and a daughter of the King of Rock'n'roll
Thank you very much for reading my imperfected diary
There are probably so many pros\/cons, like\/dislike about her
She acts slutty and fuckin' sexual, but I guess she's a very down to earth woman, very sensitive, and always taking care of people around her and for her fans
It is released of Hamasaki Ayumi's new album `NEXT LEVEL` was released today
I like the song, `green` from this album."
I went to Kinuta park for hanami with my friend yesterday
There were few cherry blossoms\/sakura but they were beautiful
I want to go again next year."
There are two chickens in the garden
This has incredibly high speed, many applications, and is really expensive!!"
I got a new USB flash drive of NEXT LEVEL
Anyway, I can't read mp3 file from this because I use Linux
But I think it's ok, as this is a  fun item
This is what a great device
The e-ink display is so beautiful
I  have started reading `Warriors #1 into the wild
It's a very exciting program
My favorite Dancer was Katee.Favorite can also be written as favourite, depending on if you are leraning American English or British English
Her dancing is fantastic
Today, the rainy season has setbegun in Japan
In Japan , it's calledsay \" Tsuyu 
During \"Tsuyu\" , every day it rainsrained on and off all day
Also, during \"Tsuyu\" the has air is saturated with moisture (suggest:humidity
I'm (suggest: Ican't wait)impatient for Summer !"
My favorite film star
hello
My favorite film star
It was winter holiday many years ago when I watched the film \"Pirates of Carribean\" where he started
I must have fallen in love with this brave,courageous person
I had [been away from] Lang-8 from June 6th to July 30th
These days, I have busy with work. I have no time to study in English."
I've started this because in two weeks later, I will go to England
So,I'll study English much harder
I cannot pass the Eiken Grade 2 test
so I am blue now."
I forgot to take a medicine
I have a cold now
I have to be recover early
i go to take a medicine!"
Recently I've been depressed because of my English speaking skills havn't gotten better at all for three months
I go to an English conversation cafe once or twice in a week
There are five or six students and a teacher at every lessons
Over There I could speak English, but not fluently
Sometimes there were some sentences what I said that didn't make any sense
I guess I have to practice speaking English more and more
I suppose who can has basis of speaking English skill uses Skype. I suppose whoever understands the basics of speaking English uses Skype
So what should I do
I will go sightseeing to Kyoto for change of pace before I take English conversation lesson again
I'll show you some pictures of sightseeing spots in Kyoto
Yesterday, my friend who lives in America, tell told me that in japan a lot of people are on a banana diet,and there are no more bananas in the store stores
Do you know about the recording-diet
In the Recording Diet, first you will start from  you start off recording all the meals you had
next, everyday, you have to count the calories (which) you eat and control it almostlimit yourself to around 1500kcal in a day (in case if? unless? meaning is not clear you are a man
I challenged myself to start this recording-diet since this May
and I lost 7 kilograms since I began to starting it
Have you ever challenged been on any diet
I've been studying English since I was in a junior high school
For the first time, my English teacher taught us the sounds of letters, but she didn't teach us the alphabet phonetics
I learned them last month, my English teacher who is from Canada told me about them
I think most of my friends don't known it
I don't know how to teach English pronunciations in the English classes in Japanese schools now
I think the Education Committee in Japan should teach both the sounds of letter and the alphabet phonetics in the English classes
Yesterday I was happy because many people encouraged me
I 'm very really appreciate your help 
By the way, I went to Kyoto and took some pictures yesterday
The red and yellow leaves (Autumn tint) is are beautiful from now on
The pictures I took are linked below
This The question below is one of from the TOEFL speaking test
TOEFL is a test which for people non-native English speakers who want to study abroad and is not English native speaker
It is very difficult for me to speak English, so I started to practice \"To speak English\". speaking English
So, Could someone please help me my practicing practice my SPEAKING ENGLISH SKILL. speaking English
Firstly reason is that I can visit historical buildings such as the Pyramids in India Egypt, and also the Great Wall of China
Secondly reason is that I can communicate with people all over the world and spend a great time during my traveling
It will would be a good  the best experience of my life
In conclusion, For these reasons I want to travel around the world if I suddenly got $10 million."
Access to your lang-8's home page
Paste the codes below into your internet browser address bar
And also I want to know what your dream house looks like 
My dream house looks simple
If there was less furniture in the room, it could reduce the time needed to clean the room
Second reason is that I could feel free to live my life without disgusting things and also spend good times there
In conclusion and to answer this question, for these reasons my dream house looks simple
I wanted to understand what Obama said yesterday in his speech
I found a website that shows his video and a transcription from the New York Times
I thought it might help (me) (to) improve my (spoken) English, so I will practice his speech and try to learn it by my heart
But I didn't know some words, I tried to look up them with my dictionary but I couldn't
Someone help me find out what their meaning they mean
It was Halloween day in Japan
In the old times, we didn't have the custom of celebrating Halloween, but nowadays many people in Japan know about it
Although most people in Japan know of Halloween, we don't know about the customs of Halloween exactly
Some Halloween goods are sold in the convenience stores, and some people do cosplay  at the Halloween party... (or, \"dress up for Halloween parties
I think we might be misunderstanding the customs of Halloween
I watched the video linked under below
I can almost understand watching it
But in some parts of it, I couldn't hear the words exactly, because she or he speaks so fast or uses words that I don't know
So, someone please help me to improve my listening skill
If you are interested in the latest computer technology, you will also be excited :D
My inaccurate transcription of this video is below
I think it's difficult to write e-mail by using most cell phones sold in Japan
For example, I would want if I want  to write an English word letter \"z\", first I have to switch the input mode from Japanese to English and then, to input \"z\", is I have to push 4 times the number 9 the number \"9\" 4 times
By the way, I have a \"MEDIA SKIN\" producted produced by au
aAu has a cool project which is called \"Design project
A Google cartographers were swunging by Del Taco's drive-thru
I looked up about the Del Taco which are famous Mexican food restaurants in America
Their menues look so yummy
Although I want to go and eat at one of them, there are not in Japan
I like Mexican foods and also like Korean foods
What kind of foods or which country's foods do you like
Please recommend it to me what you love to eat
Hi everyone, it's been a long time since when I wrote my last a diary before
Although I want to send an e-mail to my friend today, I don't have much confidence in of my English
The mail's subject is \"How to use an the online-file-sharing service
This online-file-sharing service which I will explain whose name is called \"firestorage
firestorage\" can be used for free, and it has no limitation of the total file size!!(but each file's size must not exceed over 2GB
The skeleton body of the mail I wrote is below
First, Create a new folder
Just put all pictures in it, and then right-click on it, and select \"送る -> 圧縮（zip形式）
If its size you created is over 2GB, you should split it to some archived files.(You need to create some folder
Access to the website linked below
You should agree with the term of use, and click the check button
Then upload a zip archived file which you created using step on 1."
Today I found the a website with  which I can listen to  music  from all over the world
It's useful and very fun but some of the Japanese song names are garbled
Please tell me the a song you recommend
If you can could vote to for someone, which do you vote who would you vote for
I looked up it, but I can't figure it out... Or \"I can't figure out what it means.\""
The price of the municipal house is only 1,000 yen
This house is  a mess,  and is considered obsolete due to its age (54 years old).Further more it seems that will cost more than 1,000,000 yen to repair it to a habitable state
That being said, the person in charge of Yuubari city said \"It should be still cheap
Lang-8 was elected as one of the a Noticeable Net Services in 2008
A Happy New Year
I read the news about Bounen Kaigi, which is a conference sponsored by Yahoo
The One of the conference's title was a \"Noticeable Net Services in 2008
And of the 10 net services list they elected, \"lang-8\" was one of them
Today, I got to know the Japanese drama site which displays translated English words below
If you want to watch the Japanese drama, do check it out
I studied English words which were used in \"Hana Kimi
It's) Probably not that big of a deal anyway
You have been loud for quite a while now. (\"awhile\" as one word is only used as an adverb
Do you still have jet lag
If it dries up, you're fired
I wonder what kind of flowers will be blossom this year
Then why don't you just come over here
You are probably a bit stunned due to my sudden appearance, but you'll get used to it
It couldn't hurt. (more direct translation
Last week my friend  got married and I hosted his post wedding party
We played a movie of the histories of both the bride and the bridegroom and a movie that contained the message from the bride's family
Some unexpected incidents occurred but we made it
It was so busy but yet it was aslo a very happy day!!"
I always get confused when I use the \"AS\" as a conjunction in the sentences
The \"AS\" has so many meanings that I can't understand the image of the conjunction, \"AS\" exactly
Please correct the sentences that I wrote below
2) Privacy-protection laws must become part of our legal infrastructure as the nation becomes an information-based society.  This means that the nation is currently not an information-based society. 
2) Privacy-protection laws must become part of our legal infrastructure when the nation becomes an information-based society. This also means that the nation is currently not an information-based society. 
3) After months of steady increase, gasoline prices are finally falling all over the world as peace continues in the Middle East
3a) After months of steady increase, gasoline prices are finally falling all over the world during peace continues in the Middle East
3b)After months of steady increase, gasoline prices are finally falling all over the world because there is peace in the Middle East (at the moment). I know that you want you want to say, but you can't say it in only one sentence. Example: \"After months of steady increase, gasoline prices are finally falling all over the world. This will last for as long as peace continues in the Middle East
4) China's economy is gaining strength as it continues to increase its exports
4a) China's economy is gaining strength, which continues to increase its levels of exports.  There is a huge difference between 4 and 4a. 4 means that there may not be any connection between \"China's economy\" and \"continues to increase its exports\". 4a makes it seem like \"because China is gaining economical strength it is increasing its exports
Perhaps I might catch a cold
Lately the temperature was has been around 19°C
But now in Kyoto it is under 9°C in the morning
Oden is a Japanese winter dish consisting of several ingredients such as boiled eggs, daikon radish, konnyaku, and processed fish cakes stewed in a light sauce ? which is called chikuwa, soy-flavoured dashi broth
You can find it in the restaurant, supermarket, and even convinience store
I recommend that you to have the Oden when you come to Japan in the winter
This journal has some answers about what kokujin posted
I answered to his questions in my journal, because I need someone's help to correct my English
kokujin's questions are is below
We hardly use it on our in conversation
We often heard it the when a  host said in talks to their party
Because Proof is that we can't understand \"証\". proves about
We usually use this word with another some word
We often use \"証拠\" if you are suspected that you did foul play by with someone
These sentences above is have almost the same meaning
We seldom use \"傍聴\" on our in conversation
傍聴\" is usually used on the in court. (or: \"\"傍聴\" is usually used by a judge
Today, I got some questions about Japanese in the following sentences
I want to answer these questions, but I don't have much confidence  in what I wrote in English
But you should take care when using this sentence in your conversations
The reason that this sentence can sometimes have a negative connotation
This  sometimes has a negative meaning, but not always
but sometimes not
Because Take for example if you asked someone who has admitted that he strongly desires to get married
In this case the question that you asked does not have a negative connotation
On the other hand, if you asked someone who has not admitted any desire to get married
it can be construed (seen) in a negative light
食べるほしい means I want to eat
What do you do when you were in are on the train
I was usually sleeping or reading a book when I was in am on  the train
Lately, most Japanese young people were watching use their cell phones. Some of them sending email and some are doing  of them play games by using with  it
What do you think of it that
The Japanese have an the special ability to fall asleep anywhere at anytime
Today I went to Nara to see the Sho-so-in exhibition with my mother
All the items in Sho-so-in have saved been kept in good condition for about 1300 years
Although these collections are not open to the public, selections are shown at the Nara National Museum once a year in autumn
After we went to Sho-so-in exhibition, we went sightseeing in Nara
Nara is famous for ancient buildings, dieties and deer. (The plural of deer is deer
I took some pictures and uploaded them on Flickr!! (The leaves of some trees turning red are beautiful
I hope you enjoy your day!!"
I've been very busy (lately) and no one send  sent me a message to me, so I forgot it
In America, now is it is my birthday now because of the difference time difference
By the way, I found a website where it can realize and that can help you improve your reading  Kanji reading skills
I'd like you to play it  Take a look if you'd like
Lately, I started to watch the dorama \"Heroes season 1\". (There's no 'O' in 'Drama' in English
I watched it with English audio and English subtitles to learn English
Sometimes I couldn't catch some words when I l was listening to it
Then But I could follow it with English subtitles
I think this dorama is a little scary
I guess these sentenses I wrote above has some weird expressions
Could you tell me which expressions I should use that are understandable but could better be expressed using a different pattern or phrase
This TV program, named \"Kin-chan no Kasotashio\", is very famous in Japan which name is  \"Kin-chan no Kasotaisho (How do I say in English... (I think you should place the clause next to the noun it modifies
In  this video, multiple people are performing together to form a skit of a girlfriend going crazy on her boyfriend
She's throwing water, a plate, pizza, spaghetti etc
Last week, I had a nice journey \/ trip to osaka and kyoto
But it was a pity that my skin was burned to black by the strong sunlight
I felt quite hot even though i drank so much cold water
As soon as I got back home,I saw on TV that the temperature in kyoto was 39°
Kyoto is a very beautiful city that is made up of both ancient buldings and modern buldings
Universal city in osaka is a mixture of 3D movies and a playgroud
Recently, unfortunately, I've reached a bottleneck in learning Japanese
Suddenly I found I was lacking the ability to lead me to continue learning Japanese
Even though I kept on studying Japanese everyday, it was hard to see any progress
Although I know I may get a good result through my consistent learning someday, I still feel a little disappointed with my situation
As a relaxation, I usually see films. I also have my favotite actors. For example、Will Smith、Jim Carrey、Nicolas Cage and Anord Schwarzenegger
I like action films and science fiction films. the Films like that are heart-thrilling so I like them
When I write diaries, firstly I need to write it down in Chinese
Then i translate it into English. Is this way stupid? Are there any other good ways? Please tell me!"
We went to an all you can eat restaurant for dinner tonight since we had cleaned out our kitchen to move tomorrow
It was free for my baby, but she didn't eat much somehow
Moving to Hamamatsu
I think it's better for me to start weight training again too."
I encountered a question
this report for me is difficult.This report is difficult for me
may can you help me. 
I don' didn't know Meltdown is same mean in English as used in Japanese
Do you know the meltdown accident happened in No.1 reactor, No.2 reactor and No.3 reactor in Fukushima Daiichi plant
Accurately, Tepco said core meltdown accident occurred  in No.1 reactor
I'm would be glad if you have a comment
What is \"Golden Week
I have seven days off in a row
Some people have ten days off in a row
Of course some people are working during Golden week
I've been playing going out a lot. (I'm not sure if this is what you mean
So I use many have spent a lot of money
But it's okay
I have to go to my office on 6th
Tomorrow and the day next after tomorrow is days off are holidays. orTomorrow and the day next after tomorrow is are my days off. 
but I don't have any plans. You can join the sentence above with this one. \"Tomorrow and the day after tomorrow are holidays, but I don't have any plans
just I will just clean my room
I'm also going to study web stuff. Stuff sounds a little strange. Do you mean you are going to study webpages? Or that you are going to design webpages
I will reading a book
I will playing video games
If you join these short sentences together it will sound more natural.I'm going to study English and web design. I'll also read a book and play video games for fun
but a kind of interesting
What happened in Tokyo on the eleventh of March
In my oppinion, there are not many tragedies less greater than Tohoku
The ground was definitely shaken by the earthquake.The earthquake made the ground shake. (This sounds more natural
I know it was real
because, I am was in Tokyo on the eleventh of March. (Again, you can join it to the sentence before. In English, sentences shouldn't start with because.)I know it was real because I was in Tokyo on the eleventh of March."
Some cats lay down on the road
They seems so to be hot also
I rather like dogs rather than cats
By the way, There has been strange weather around the world
I hope fine your country is fine
In Japan, it's just hot now."
Sometimes I wonder why I study English. It's not easy and a very long way to improve my English. 
In Japan, even if I can't speak English, I can live normally. It's the biggest problem
But I want to speak English fluently and understand English movies without subtitles
I guess I browse the web too much
I'll try to reduce the time to browse the Internet!"
I sauteed pork, a big sliced onion and freezing spinach which I bought a few months ago with salt, pepper and soy sauce
I hover put them on rice which I boiled a little while ago
and stayed a few days
I think she's already back in the U
She wears very strange clothes
The most famous costume from her trip is this one
I'll try showing you this photo of it
That's funny. -> I think it's funny
Actually, I haven't heard her songs much
but I heard about her history a little from my friend
It was a pretty good story
and She is cute when she is wearing normal clothes and make up
I want to listen to her songs now."
sometimes He is on some magazines and on TV shows
He makes \"Art
but He isn't rich
I said \"Bye\" to my friend
and I started walking to go my home
There are were many people who sitting down on the floor
They couldn't go home because the train had stopped
It seemed to they would spend the night in the station
There were lines of people at the place pretty far from the city
It's about 11 p.m. I expected they were walking so for such a  long time
some people bought a bicycles
A bicycle shop had left only a few bicycles left
Just a few things stuff had fallen down from the shelf
but there were was no damage
I just took a shower and slept
But the Number 1 reactor exploded on 12th in at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant
That is more serious for people live in Tokyo nowday."
I feel tired
Everyday I do the same things
Study English and play the saxophone
It is so boring! I need to relax
I also want to travel but my dream is to be a musician.(join both sentences
But my dream is be a musician
Since I am so busy I do not have time to relax. (sounds more natural
Whatever, tomorrow is another day."
What a wonderful weather
It was a wonderful weather today
The sun was shining all of the day
I hope the weather will be nice on the weekend, too!"
Japanese is my mother tongue and I can speak German fluently and English limited
I studied Swedish and Chinese in college in Germany for one year because of those interesting intonations
I graduated in the spring of 2010 and started working in the autumn of the same year
I wanna improve my English skills, but I'm too lazy to study English language
So at least I try to watching DVDs in English, to write diary every day and to read papers about language acquisition, phonetics etc in English
I've felt so bad in for the last 2 weeks
So I made an appointment at my home doctor on Friday
I accidentally caught joint pain and I felt so cold on Thursday night
On the next day, Friday, I caught a fever
A miracle story of this weekend
I can't get motivated anything... at all
Happy New Year
I've just started using Lang-8
I don't really know how to navigate around this site
Anyway, I'll write about me and the reason why I would like you you to correct my sentences. (\"want\" is too imperative here, I think
First, my name is Taku
I've lived in Yokohama, Japan
I'm a University student, a Freshman
My major is cross cultural [...]. It think there is a noun missing here, but I'm not sure which one would be best
Learning other languages and own cultures and so on
Second, I'll talk about the reason why I started Lang-8
Actually,I'm going to take an exam, the Eiken
This exam is an English test like TOEIC
This test has a written part in which you have to answer questions from foreigners
The problem is that I've got no one to check it, so I've looked for someone who could do it
If you could help me, I would be very glad
I wish many people would correct them
What A Software
Why doesn't anyone comment my diary and correct it
It is not worth registering
Happy Story
Have you ever heard such a wonderful story? (no need for a dot after the question mark
In Japan, very kindness \/ charitable donations are spreading around the country
It's a Japanese manga that was popular in the 1960s and 1970s. \"Naoto Date\" is the main character's name \/ the name of the main character
Many donations in the name of \"Naoto Date\" are made now
Someone sent a golden bar to a welfare facility in Tokyo
It is worth 1.5 million dollars
What a rich man! (no dot! 
What do you think about this news? (no dot, either 
I have already signed a job contract with PWC which I will work in September
The contract will have requiredrequires me to stay in the firm for two years
The HR was so friendly to answer my questions about the salary and training program
I know I must be like a baby to learn everything about the job during working time because I almost forgot my accounting knowledge in accounting that seems so far from me
But, I know that I can overcome the challenge,and I will let those knowledge come be back to my mind me."
Ⅰ　cannot　speak　English　well, but I want to talk to many different people and exchange opinions
I will try to write in English
Today was is very hot,too
It is good to have had air conditioning in my high school starting this week been air-conditioned in my high school station since this week,but it is like hell in the time of during club
How have you spent in a hot day?How do you spend hot days
pleas Please tell me
I am a member of the brass band team in my high school,and Iam a percussionist
We beat a lot of various instruments
For example the Bass Drums,Sneas,Cymbals,Glockens and the tambourine. (all musical instruments use \"the
The Cymbals are very heavy for me, so there are sometimes I feel tired
but I'm proud of to play the Cymbals
School Festival(文化祭）
We had a school festival the other day
Many people, from children to adult, enjoyed there
I am a member of the brass band. We were too busy to enjoy enough the other class' numbers
But every number was good. 
Example of the numbers were plays, movies, bazaars and games
I was glad that our performance got a favorable review. 
Thank you
Starting My Adventure In 29,jun,2011 (Do you mean July
My flight is at 12:00 AM
I promised her to meet at 9:00 AM in the airport
But, I'm very very sleepy
We could not sleep enough because we are going on a long trip for the first time and being excited
We have received news that my airlines is very dangerous. It has many accidents and there are thefts at times
I'm scared
to be continued."
When I walked in Paris,I thought there were a lot of the Parisians who were more fashiinable than Spanish
I think that Spain was very hot so they have a limitation to dress up
In Paris it was hot too
But not as hot as Spain.(？？？？
It is one of reasons that the Paris is very popular
We went to a market and I felt like the people living in Paris
I walked while eating an apple
We arrived at the Eiffel tower which I had wanted to see for a lomg time
I got my wish to play this pose like this
We stayed here from the day time to when it was lit up
It was as if I was dreaming when I saw the Efiffel Tower
When I was here,I wrote a thank you letter to my family."
I got into a panic then, so I didn't remember about what I said
The hostel staff came down immediately
The hostel was on the 5th floor
We gave a sigh of relief
We were late to Praha, arriving at midnight, because there was a delay at the airport. この「ハプニング」の言葉はアメリカの英語では使いません
As expected, getting to our hotel was a problem everytimes
With no euros, and without being able to speak Czech, we felt very uneasy. 
It was very quiet in the airport because of the late hour
The bus stop's signs were all in Czech, so we couldn't read them
And, we couldn't understand the English spoken by another tourist we met
We depended on only our guidebook, and at last we caught the bus
Then, We connected to the metro
We worried about to catching the last train
When we arrived to our station, we asked to lady of the station attendant lady the way to our hotel 
But we couldn't understand exactly what she was saying in Czech 
駅に着き窓口の女性にきくが、すべてチェコ語で全く意味がわからなかった。
We strolled ended up wandering around the station about one hour. 「stroll」と言うのは暇の時に楽しみに悠々歩くのことです。例えば：「She went for a stroll around the garden, stopping to smell each rose she passed」
My map was so hard to understand that everyone we showed it to couldn't help us
Then, we met a Vietnamese man who looked for our hotel very hard, and he even called them for us
I appreciated his help very much
I want to thank him, and meet again someday
We rode a dangerous plane
But, it didn't leave on time
we waited inside for a long time
An announcement said [checking now
We were looking very forward to see Illumine, the Sagrada Familia at night. 
There were are many place to for see sightseeing
In Paris, the sun sets later than in Japan (during the summer). That's why we always have leisurely mornings
Because Becouse, we couldn't go on until out at night
My friend said to told me that it is very delicious and if when you I would stay for a long time, maybe you I'll will get fat maybe
We went to at the top of the shop for bread shop
We ate the bread with Blue cheese and ubcured uncured ham which we got on a bench
I was very satisfied to leisurely spend my time 
Today is the last night in Barcelona
There were many people who went to see it
Accompanied by music, the water was shot out and whizzed the water by the wind
We enjoyed to see children playing
Everyone started dancing, oblivious to their surroundings
This scene is not seen much in Japan. {this kind scene is rare in Japan
I have heard that Spain is \"the country of passion\", and so the Spanish are very bold
We woke up late because we arrived back at the hostel very late yesterday
 it was not very delicious for me
It is very different than Japanese and very dry
They were entertained us very much
We went to a lot of churches
And with it being such a hot day we ate gelato, too
We ate ate too much
that night,we went to the fountain show
We went back to the hostel first to take a shower becouse we were very sweaty!u
Today, we went sightseeing in Paris
We want to ride the Metro but it was difficult to buy a ticket
Because we can only use coins to buy tickets, so we had to look for a change machine. (action is in the past, so \"must\" changed to \"had to
But,we couldn't find it and gave up, so we bought bread to get change
Today was the once a month free day at the Louvre museum
We were very lucky, but there were a lot of peoples and it was very hard to wait in the heat
My Precious Memory
I'm coming home today from a Europe trip that lasted a for one month
It was very exciting, important, happy iness,and peaceful for me
I'll never forget it forever
I decide to write my precious memory about this day at a time in English 
I'm not good at English
But I'll try
Because
English is very important communication tool for talking to each other."
Our flight was at 9:00AM so we departed the hostel at 5:30AM
It was regrettable that we couldn't thank our hostel's mather mother becouse we departured left very early in the morning. 
It was still dark yet and little scary, it was so too early
We got on the bus for the airport and left for the boarding gate
I bought the bargain plane ticket for the first time
We learned that the gate was often too far because the bargain plane ticket. (Sorry I can't fix this sentence right now. I'll think of this
We arrived to in Paris
I was surprised at the two things
One of them was that almost all of the station names were written in French
We walked around the famous Champs-Elysees ,too
Most of the shops were very low-priced because there was just a sale
If we had gone into the shop ,we would  had wanted something
So,We didn't go into the shops when possible
My favorite place in Paris is the Notre Dame Cathedral
It was very crowded with many tourists 
But、we wanted to see the beautiful stained glass so we had to wait in a queue\/line in the heat . (queue is British, line is American
We had waited over an hour
We finally went inside, but there was a long long staircase\/stairway  in front of us
Where is the stained glass
We had to go because there were long stairs
we couldn't stop because there were people behind us
We went\/climbed all the way to the roof
We were very tired and our feet hurt already
We were mistaken about the place of line(?). (length of the line
But,we were happy to go up here
Because,we could see a very good view from there
We stayed there for some time
When we went  down, there were some people who went to inside smooth(?)  from another entrance
The stained glass was on that side
It was very smooth
But ,we didn't have any regrets about going up to the top
30\/6\/2011 Sightseeing in Barcelona
It's my first time being in such a hostel. 
There is little far from Paris so we went out from my hotel at 5:30AM
The bus schedule was changed for the cycling race ,so we stayed there to wait for the next bus for about 4hours
We arrived at the hotel and dressed warmly and soon went out to Mont saint-michel. (あたたかい恰好 = あたたくなるように服をすることだろう？）
It was not good weather
There were a lot of people along the canal and they were enjoying their drinks of alcohol
There were many couples , too
We asked the people the way and got to cafe finaly.We asked for directions to a cafe and eventually found it
They were crowded becouse very famous. It was crowded because the cafe we arrived at was well known
The staff were beautiful and the mood of the place was good (usually English speakers would use another adjective rather than good
We were enjoyed to drink wine.We enjoyed a drinks of wine
After that we went to near the (ber.huh
There were crowded becouse it was Saturday night. The place was crowded because it was Saturday night
On the way to going home,the place was alive with many people who were shouting along the canal
A* man jumped into the canal from the bridge!* I used 'A' because 'the' can only be used when something or someone is specific
He looks like olympic player turning. He looked like an Olympic diver when he jumped into the canal
Around the people were exciting,too. The other people around were excited too
I worryed him .... I felt anxious for him
because the water of the canal was not clean and the night was chilly
As soon as we returned to the hotel ,I quickly fell asleep because of my drunkenness
The next morning I was still wearing my shoes from last night
We returned to Paris again
And then, we went to airport
When we arrived,the boarding gate didn't open at all.空港に着くと、一向に搭乗口があかない。
There were a lot of police dogs,too
The airport had a strange atomosphere
I read another book about the measures to use English correctly.\/ I don't really know what you mean by measures. Message me and explain what you mean so i can help 
It says to memorising a dozen of useful expressions must beis helpful,to if i want to use English correctly
I found that I have not used several expressions, which were introduced onin the book
To memorizeMemorising 50 or 100 expressions might be helpful for theto someone who is beginning of theto study to use English correctly."
I got up at 4:30am today for the lessons at my English school
I'm going to be sleepy around noon..."
I usually go surfing on every Saturday with my friends, but I am going to go tomorrow instead of today because one of my friends is busy.had a commitment today
I have checked thea surfingwebsite for surfing, in order to find out which place might be good for surfing tomorrow
The web site says \"You should go to the place whichwhere the waves isare the best.\"  What aunbelievably useful advice :( \/This might be pointless, but you could put an exclamation mark on the end \"!\", to add more expression
Tomorrow, I will try to choose the bestthesurf board which is best, leave my house when is best at the best time, go to the thebest place which is the best, wear the best surfing suit which is the best and ride the best waveswhich is best.\/ You could put Therefore, at the beginning of your sentence. This strings the subject from your previous sentence into this one. It's a connective
No wonder.\/ This doesn't really make sense here. What was you trying to say here
It seems the best time to sleep
Sweet dreams!"
Self-Introduction
My name is Shimako. （名前は必ず大文字で書き始めます。）
My hobby is to my hobbies are listening to Japanese rock, playing the guitar, and watching Japanese anime X) （趣味が一つ以上の時は hobbies です。また、コンマの後には必ずスペースを入れましょう。）
but I watch American anime, too!:p
South park, HTF, etc
I want to go to and study abroad in England, and so I am studying English now
I can't can only understand a childlike childish English yet. so far, （childlike = 子供らしい純真な; childish = 子供っぽい; so far = いままでのところ）
but I'll study very hard
and So please help me
Hello, everyone! My English name is Richard
This is the first time I have come here
I found out about this site from my friend
I am learning English in WuHan, so I am so happy to come here
I hope I can make some friends here with people who can learn English with me
I had too much free time today, as for the college is closed because of the snow
I tried to go out for buying some snack and drink in a store
I arrived at there,and i tried to buy Chocolate,potato chips and latte
I'm already an adult!!!!；ω；I'm 21 years old
She mistook me for a child because of my face and height
Today's minimum temperature is minimum minus -5℃ in England
and it's snowing heavily snowing 
As a result, I couldn't go to College
When I tried to leave in my home, I couldn't open the door
I was thinking about swimming on the snow to College!!!!! haha (or 'skiing' ;D
But it's too cold to swim
I want to make a snowman someday
I think this year is the coldest Winter England has had yet. too cold than before winter in England
so, I am studying English at my home
I have a question
What's the difference between A and B
when it is negative ,we use 『can't』?? 
These days, it is snowing in England
I hate the snow
cuz I hate cold ;ω
The train was too late, because of the snow
But I could buy lovely clothes and fingerless gloves in Urban outfitters
But I couldn't buy lovely shoes
Next time I'll definitely buy it them
I'm really a shopaholic；ω；
Maybe,when I go back Japan, I can't bring all my clothes
These days, my Japanese friends who live in England say they fell in love with someone
Everyone looks happy :) However, I haven't fallen in love
But today, I had my fortune told by my friend. (友達に占ってもらいました。
According to her\/him, I'll have a boyfriend before go back Japan from England
Unfortunately, this love will end before I go back to Japan
I think the snow season is fall in love season
Anyway, I hope my fortune to fall in love with someone will come true! 
Ｔhese days, England is too cold!!!!! I can't believe it 
I lack the confidence in myself to survive the cold
but if it will snows, I can make a snowman・∀・
By the way ,i have a question for everyone
if you can buy japanese goods in your country, what do you want
or what kind of japanese snacks do you like 
and Japanese friends 
If you could go to a foreign country, what kind of Japanese food would you take (with you) 
or if you are already staying in a foreign country, what kind of Japanese food do you want
How do I memorizes English words
The Alphabet has only 26 letters
I may see have dreams of the alphabet sometimes
I can not sleep well because of it."
This is my first article at lang-8, so I guess writing an introduction about me will  would (sounds more natural) be the best strating start
I am a college student (but my English isn't very good :P)now in Taiwan
and I major in social science
Although I do not repel about dislike those subjects 
I am still finding deciding what am I am going to major in the future
Like lots of teenagers not knowing what are their future will be, I'm now standing at the crossroad of my life
Maybe I won't know until the right time comes,but I will keep practicing English is no doubt ;D
My interests are drawing, traveling, camping, jogging, and playing ping-pong
This is my first article on the Internet, and it means is a big strides for me
I have stayed up all night because I wanted to buy K-ON items
K-ON is a Japanese anime whose story revolves around four Japanese high school girls
I'm happy that I was able to buy them
Recently, I have been listening to English radio stations and reading English magazines everyday
On Mondays and Thursdays, I use my lunch breaktime to attend the English class held by my company
By the way, I would like to read English novels
Can anyone give me some suggestions
In addition, I have also learned Japanese for one year so far
Nice to meet you
i wanna learn funny English and make many friends(not only those who speak English but also those who speak many other languages like Japanese, Chinese, ect
I don't know very much, but I want to learn
Have a nice day! dude"
Today was the last day of working
Many people looked so happy
We had our last meeting of the year, and had a drinking party
I don't know why, but the year‘s end makes me excited."
I like singing, so I take lessons twice a month
So, I receive a lesson twice a month
I sing a jazz, pops, enka ・・・etc
Sometimes, I play(sing?) in a live show in TOkyo
Singing a song makes me happy."
Xmas Party
We had a Christmas party at my friend's home
There were many children there
We had a gift exchange and made cake
Tomorrow is the Christmas Eve
I wish you a Merry Christmas!!"
Working
I am working in Shanghai to be an engineer
I have been leaving near our school for a year
As of now, I do not know what I want to be
I am not sure what to do in the near future
I have been working in fitting shop for one year now
I am not sure if I can become a seasoned designer
For a year now, I learned the basic principle behind designs. 
I know now the reason why I choose designing as my course
That is because, I believe that I have the ability to be a good one someday
Today is Busy (Title: Capitalize all nouns, pronouns, verbs, adverbs, and adjectives in a title
Today, is it was a busy full day, because we had have class all day
In the morning, is it is painting class. You should see how bad I am at painting pictures. I erase them and paint a new one, which costs a lot of time. (Them instead of it: I erase = You erase what? = I erase the pictures I paint
The old picture looks bigger than the real thing
How troublesome. I must paint it carefully, next time. 
At lunch, I ate bad taste food-a. It was the kinds of noodles, which taste sweet
You know, I am a Chinese, who lives in south, so I like spicy food and don't like sweet food, when having lunch
However, I like to eat candy, when I have nothing to do and feel bored
In the afternoon is computer class, and you should see how fast the teacher speaks. I can't catch what she says just like many students around me
There are two Vietnamese girls in our class, and they just have been studying Chinese for about a year, so I think they may don't understand what the teacher says either
I want to revise this class on the weekends
The most touching thing is an article, which I read in a magazine
It's a story about a couple from China and the U.S
The man is a soldier who undertakes a task in Iraq
As you know, if you were assigned to a task and stayed in a country which is surrounded in a confusing war, would you not feel miserable? I think everyone will understand their mood
But at the same time, when the U.S. soldier across the street, he finds\/meets\/encounters a slim Asian girl with a beautiful hair and falls in love with her suddenly
That's like a thirsty person who finds fresh water, but more romantic than this
He goes straight and say \"hello\" to this girl, but the girl just remains silent and smells to him. He thinks it's the most beautiful smell in the world just like an angel
They meet each other on the street every day, just as if  they had an appointment
Times go by, and they live happily
But, things are not always that fortunate. The Chinese girl must go to Dubai for work, and the soldier finds nothing on the street then
They were not lovers before; just normal friends
Even worse, the soldier gets involved in a crash few days later
Some of his colleagues are dead, and he survives with a wound, and after he recovers on the hospital's bed. A familiar face comes in sight. \"That's the girl I've dreamed of, oh, thank you god for sending her back to me again.\" The smell reveals
The doctor told him that the girl is invited by his army, because he always says her name Dubai loudly. The girl takes care of him for about three days which, amazes many people, because everyone doesn't understand why an Asian girl would take a U.S. soldier so seriously, and doesn't leave
The soldier fell so happy and thankful about it, and asked the girl if she wanted to be his girlfriend
The girl smelled and agreed
After that, because of the wound, the soldier leaves Iraq and marries the girl in Chongqing province, China
They live a normal happy life
Normally, it is just fine. I think, if there was no war and hatred in this world, and everyone loved each other no matter where they were from; sharing the culture and language of each other, that would be a good sociability and everyone may have lived happier than ever."
Today's English Place an apostrophe before the \"s\" when you are indicating a singular possessive
Today, I learned some English words, and I put them in the sentences to memorize them. (i vs I) The pronoun \"I\" must always be capitalized. 
The old Aswan Dam was a barrage. \"Aswan Dam\" is a proper noun, so capitalization is needed. 
Today ChangChun are snowing. It's Snowing in Changchun Today (or even better for a title, \"Snow in Changchun
Today, to my surprise, our university was filled with white snow. (University = Singular = Was = First and third person singular past indicative of be. 
Although days become it's been getting warmer and warmer, but in the Northeast of China, it's still cold. (Capitalization: Northeast is a proper noun; capitalization is required
In the morning, I study English, and it's not easy. The hardest thing for me is to memorize the words. (Note: The adjective \"hard\" has two syllables, so \"est\" is required
When I try my best to memorize some new worlds words, I will forget it them in after half an hours
The second difficult thing for me is the spoken English. When it comes to speaking the English language with other people, I always speak Chinglish, and that doesn't sound like a native
I think I need\/I've got to improved my English by reading much too many English novels and conversing. (\"I need to or I've got to\" sounds better here
In the afternoon, I take major classes \"Advertisement\"-class of design and interested (Note: When using morning, afternoon and evening, use them this way, in the morning; in the afternoon; in the evening
At night, I wll study Japanese
I am still new for at this language, so I must try to do my best to learn this
Last but not least, I've got to insist get used to write diaries in English diaries to improve my English
This is my first English diary. It may looks like it was written by a primary student, but I think if I try harder, I will improve a lot.  
PS: Best wishes to Japanese people who were involved in the terrible earthquake. hope them fine I hope they're going to be fine\/I wish them. (There are many other ways to say this)"
I got dizzy in my head today, which is bad
Since yesterday night, I felt dizzy for no reason till now
It's may last about 1 complete 1 days. I think it is probably because I have been using my mind a lot to learn Japanese and French these days
This is so confused, adding English, and I am learning 3 languages at the same time
I admit I like to learn a new language and try to devoted myself to other different cultures
I like Japanese as it sounds nice, and I like the Japanese movie, cartoon, and when you can speak a long Japanese sentence at a rapid speed. It's so funny, isn't it? But Japanese are so fast to listen, but fortunately, the pronunciation is not so tough
My main point is study Japanese about 3 months to make it come to some level that I can understand most of the content in the Japanese movies and songs, and then I can calmly learn this kind of language
As for French, it's really a useful language
It can help you improve your English and lead to learn other Latin languages like Spanish, Portuguese and, Italian, which I (also) want to learn a little in the future
French words are scientific words and purer, so it's may be a little easy for you to memorize them in the future
I find learning French is funnier than English. The pronunciation is more easier than English, so we can read most things in French easily without looking up the dictionary
I want to try my best to be more familiar with this cultural language,which lets me get more closer to European culture
To be honest, my English is still poor right now, so studying English is still the main point in my language studying life
But it seems I have some problems in English now; the most important is the words
English words are so scary, and I don't know how to handle them
When I look at English articles or news, when I come across the new words, I feel so worried and look up the dictionary, but I forget the words after a few days
Of all the languages I like to learn, I love Russian best
The words are so beautiful, and the pronunciation is so sweet
So I decided to focus more on this language than English, Japanese, and French because of the dizziness
I have time to write an English diary
I think I should write more diaries in the future to improved my English and Japanese too
and try Japanese too
I hope I can write (some) Japanese diaries even my Japanese is bad... 
I hope someone can\/will revise my diary; I may have made many mistakes in it
Thanks a lot."
God Bless Me with My FINAL EXAM
It's been a long time since I've written dairy here again
Thank god! I finally passed my college basic of computer exam
Oh, I really hate this course
It's maybe the most sickest course I have ever done. It's about useless and complex theories
So, I have to deal with day by day, which you can imagine how terrible this feeling can be, uhm?when you try to study something that you completely have no interest in, it and it's worth nothing. OK, I just want to pass the exam, so I don't have to study this course in the next term again! But thank god! I hope I will pass it, and may of I hope my classmates will have pass it too. What a nice news, isn't it? However, there is some bad news. Unluckily, that one of my roommates did not pass the exam, so the only thing the for I can do now is to hope that he will be fine in the next term. and pass it
Oh, when this horrible exam is over, there will be more difficult exams
I will have almost 5\/five exams to take, including history, philosophy, the theory of spreading, modern Chinese literature and ancient Chinese literature
Oh, Satan is going to kill me. The only thing to do is to deal with it and be confident that I can achieve this and find a good job in the future
I hope everything about final exam will be fine ,and every students get good marks in the last period of this term."
After two and a half years living in France, it's very I have difficulty for me to speaking English. You can't have \"it\" immediately after the introductory clause, otherwise it reads like the pronoun \"it\" lived in France instead of \"I
Before my speaking out I speak, I have to think about whether the word I'm going to say is English or French, and whether the pronunciation I'm going to made use is English or French
And When I'm write English, I'm always confused whether the last letter \"e\" is necessary or not in the word
Although I'm working at a French company, but our official language is English, so I'm write English emails everyday, we and take attend meetings in English between Chinese and French colleagues
But I find that I'm speaking atypical English, and there isn't aren't any good examples surrounding me. XD
So Therefore, I decided to restart learning English, and to learn to speak English in the authentic way."
1933（一九叁III）was a slaughterhouse. I had to Google this before I realized that \"1933\" is the actual name of the building. Maybe you could write \"The building '1933'\" to make the sentence less confusing
The municipal committee bought the area at in 1931, the building was built at the building in 1933, and started using it on January 1934. The building was designed by an English architect--Balfours
It costed three million nine hundred and thirty-two thousand silver yuan. Cost is an irregular verb whose past tense is the same as its present tense
But nowadays, its name has been changed to 1933 Lao Chang Fang, which can be used for office needs, doing the celebrations, activities, commerce, relaxation, and travel
Many amateur of photographers like to go there
I'm just a normal traveler who came to visit with my little unprofessional camera and to feel a desire for an atmosphere of aged architecture."
I hiked the mountain Kuramayama today. It is not high so it took only 3 hours to walk in the hiking cores. (Hiking cores are the books, did i get it right? 
There is a shrine at the top of the mountain which we, Japanese, consider as one of the power spots in Japan
Power spot is a place where we feel more energy of god and that gives us energy in turn. Many women go to such spot to pray for their wishes
They stand in a row in front of the that place. People there bow and then pray a wish one by one
I am not a religious person
I still can pray, but god do not make our wishes come true. I have to make my wish come true by myself
However I saw my friend wish strongly, so I also prayed my wish
Everyone around me are always happy
I'll say it only today."
Now I am in Southampton, which is a southern city of the United Kingdom, and I'm going to take a pre-sessional  English course for 10 weeks
The bus which I use to go to the campus or the shopping center from my place doesn't announce the next stop
Better rephrased as: I'm not sure which stop is my one, so I don't know when I should get off the bus
I asked to bus driver to let me know when we reached the stop I wanted, to get off so I could reach wouldn't miss the stop for the campus
Living in another country makes the ordinal daily life difficult. Daily life is difficult when living in another country."
Today I had lunch party having hand made breads. I had handmade bread for my lunch today
I baked two kinds of bread--- one is with curry and another is with ham,corn, mayonaise, and cheese
We talked a lot and eat a lot. and ate alot
I have made breads for two years at my house, and it's so fun and refleshing time for me. I have been making bread for two years at home and it has been a fun and refreshing te for me
My children often disturb me when I make shapes, but I ignore or ask them to help me and enjoy it. My children often disturb me when i am shaping the bread but i ignore them or ask them to enjoy it with me. 
The smell of bread being baked is really fantastic!"
This is the first diary
I went to watch a movie with my 5-year-old son today
It was called \"The last day of Thomas\" the movie
 I forgot the exact title
He really loves Thomas, and he always watches the story on DVD
It was a happy experience for him
Other songs in the movie are all arranged into Japanese, but it was originaly
My New Semester
The new semester will be here soon
This semester, I'll have a lot of things to do, so it's time to get busy
I think when you are busy because you working hard to accomplish what you want to do, you are on your way to your dreams
I will take classes in the New Oriental school this semester
I've never taken classes there, but I've heard them before. (what do you mean \"heard them\"? maybe you mean: \"sat in on them
I like the teachers there because my sister told me that they are funny and have charming personalities. (I think what you mean is \"possess\" a charming personality, one would never \"own\" a personality. But this is very formal. Better to simply say \"have
In my opinion, the most important quality of teachers is not about how much knowledge they have, but how much knowledge they can bring to their students
So a teacher who monopolizes attention to is also necessary
The first book I read this year was called Outlier
The way that author analyzed the success of people was very very unique
Believe me, it's very interesting
Thank you for correcting (or editing) my text. 
Because of you, my friend, I'll work hard on my English
Introduction
it's my first time to be on here, so I think it's necessary to inroduce myself
I'm a college student from Guangzhou, China
I like listening to the music and watching movies, so I will be very happy if you share some good music or movies with me
My English is not very good
I need your help, my friends
If I have some mistakes, or if you think it's better to write it in your way, then figure them out
Good luck to you."
My diary has been deleted right before
How can this situation happened
I have to practice my writing and I always I speak English slowly, so
Whenever I can't understand Canadian accent
Especially, whenever I go to a shop, I can't understand the clerk's word
So when a clerk talks to me, always I said, \"Ok!\" and I just noded
Moreover, meeting and being friends with Canadians is very difficult
I haven't met any natives in Toronto
It's so ironic
If I want to take a high level class, I should have study English
At first, Toronto life was so so so happy and fascinating
I think I should have change my mind quickly."
Tomorrow morning, I have to do a presentation
It's a very short presentation, but I always feel get nervous
Techer told us My teacher told us, \"You guys should memorize the presentation scripts
but whenever I present everyting is gone in my head. my mind goes blank
Moreover A a classmate always complants complains about my pronunciation
So I feel more nerveous nervous than other time. before
Can Would I be able to finish my presentation perfectly?"
Tomorrow morning, I should would take a toeic exam in school
I often have taken a toeic exam in Korea
It's was a long time ago
When I was in Korea, my one of big problems was my weak English listening skills
It's so difficult until even now
but I couldn't understand it well
I already have have already been living in Toronto for 3 months
Whenever I go to cinema, I get easily frustrated
but I couldn't understand everything
When can would I be able to understand the news, movies and pop song
I am always dreaming that I am would be able to travel everywhere without the need for English."
Today Korea will have a soccer game
Korea has moved into the second round
Therefore we will have a match with Uruguay today
I plan to watch this match in a theater
Koreans have a lot of fun cheering in the streets but today's match is too late. 
So my daddy doesn't like it
But my daddy keeps interfering with me
I'm 21 years old in Korea
But I'm 19 years old in other countries
I didn't have much interest in soccer before
But right now I love soccer
I want to see the Korean team win today!"
I saw this site in elle magazine
and I like this site
I am learning english and indonesian
l want to make many friends 
Can people turn evil? part.2
In addition, Zimbard’s study represents the abuse of a prisoner at Abu Ghraib.\/\"...of prisoners at Abu Ghraib.\" ← use the first correction if it was only one prisoner and the second if there were multiple prisoners
They not only have power of authority but also strength in numbers
The roles of guard and prisoner have great difference in power and make closer contact than Milligan’s experience
In consequence, the simulation led to dependency on each other and the ability of control exercised by the prisoners
In this way, people protected by pseudonyms and who do not have individual responsibility, suffered loss of awareness and deindividuation
As a result, the people showed more emotional, impulsive and irrational action and they were more easily able to influence other people’s behavior and social phenomenon such as genocide, stereotyping, and disinhibitation (did you mean \"disinhibition
Many American military troops were also protected by the government and hid in the crowd
In conclusion, Zimbard and Milgram’s experiment certifies humans just act out one’s own role faithfully, and depend on authority and groups
These problems often happened in settings such as school, daycare, and within companies
Humans can always turn evil."
Since childhood, we must learn that we do not punish weak and poor people, and should not kill someone, through parents, teachers, and religion
However, our society still has bullying, power harassment and war
Why does it happen consistently
There are some causes from human characteristics. *I think this is what you meant
Milligram and Zimbard’s experiments are especially important, because they make clear reason(s) why people created such cruel matters as Auschwitz, and Abu Ghrab torture and prisoner abuse
First of all, the Milgram and Zimbardo’s experiences prove people are easily effected by outside influences
Miligram and Adolf Eichnmann, who conducted massacre for Hitler, had the same situation
For example, they worked some distance from the subject, and were tasked with a particular role
As a result, they assumed the action as one of the tasks, and became(?) completely absorbed in the world
According to Milligram, S
Moreover, even when the destructive effects of their work become blatantly clear and they are asked to carry out actions incompatible with fundamental standards of morality, relatively few people have the resources needed to resist authority.\" 
The point of view is that no one doubts or feels wired about the situation
An Eichmann once insisted to just follow the higher officer and escape from the crime
In conclusion, the hero’s behavior and the idea are mirror of the person’s life
He meet with the blind man for the first time; thus, he acts like does not care for or hate Robert
There has been discrimination and prejudices against handicapped people; nevertheless, they work together, and then the hero realizes the blindman’s ability
Even though he could not experience it, the facts give the element of surprise and makes the reader close to them
We tend to like everything to be the same and be similar; yet, when you encounter the something different, it brings a new view of the world."
I feel that living in a foreign country means confronting discrimination
For example, my acquaintance who understands English was talked about behind her back on the subway
Also, another person was stoned by native children when he was riding a bike, and my friends have experienced unwanted sexual conduct from their home-stay family and professor
In addition, it is not only Japanese but also other foreigners
Before, I took ESL (English second language); then, some Mexican insisted \"the native don't trust us because the policeman often stops us
In my case, it's no big deal like it is to my friend (I think this is what you mean), but I was not a little disappointed because this country received many foreigner; therefore, I had thought they are liberal
Of course, to go abroad is an exciting and valuable thing, but it sometimes makes me notice human's dark side."
I LOVE manga, anime, and shopping
But, there is nothing where I live
I know I'm here to study, but it gives me frustration."
What does “our” means
Is it the reader, the young teenager, or America
We often use “our”; yet, they can have different meanings
In the story “Cathedral”, “our” life as person who is non- handicapped and “our” life as disabled person is drawn into contrast
In the story, the hero meets with a blind man for the first time, and it especially shows how he behaves to the blind man, Robert
This situation can often occur, and mirrors our lives
The protagonist’s attitude is awkward at first and he makes friends gradually with him over the wall of prejudice
The hero’s attitude shows how people have relationships with handicapped people in the real world."
 Friend, Friend, Friend
I went to a concert which my friends put on an opera in the school
The show was fun although I didn't understand it because they sang in German
After that I met some other friends ,and they brought me to the internet company
In the shop, I asked the adviser about changing my plan, but he didn't get it
Then, I was really confused, but my friends understood what I wanted to say, and they translated for me
Recently I can talk with them more smoothly than before, so I had thought my speaking skill is growing
But in fact, their listening skill is growing :D
At least, I never learned that people are valued looks
My parents did not say that, and neither did teachers also
Instead of the ward, they tell us, “It is more about what is inside than outside.” However, how many people realized and experienced it
It is Almost never
We learn looks is are important through our experiences
At the same time we notice that particular people attract many people, and their appearance are changed their attitude, then why we is it so
There have are two of causes and they tell how attractiveness is important
First of all, attractiveness is the key of to character building
In his study, he examined showed the subject pictures which are some of a variety of attractive children: bad, good, and neutral; then he asked them about the children’s character
As a result, the judgment become was that the children were good as the if their looking is was attractive, and become worse as children is became non-attractive
Also, Landy and Signal (1974) made students write essays, and the subjects evaluated the essays which is were attached to a their photo of each student of them
Although some essays are were good and the others had errors, the subjects tended to make give the good grade to the attractive students
We judge whether a person is good looking or not, and change aptitude without intention
This are is one of the reasons why attractive people are smart and intelligent, and a cause for which they are often praised
This brings easy to get confidence, and become leadership and popularity in school and society."
It This is one part of my essay
Can you check my grammar
7 The recommended amount of fiber is 20 to 35 grams per day
Fiber comes from whole grains, fruits, vegetable, legumes, nuts, and seeds
The amount of water a person needed depends on his or her weight and activity level; yet, there are two ways to determine how much water a person needs
the One way is the “8 by 8” rule, which is to drink 8 glasses of water a day
The second way is to divide your weight by two
The result is the number of ounces of water you need to drink each day
10 A complete protein is a protein source that contain all essential amino acids
Most common example are animal proteins such as fish, milk, and meat
Also, there are only a few of plant - source proteins like soybeans and buckwheat
11 macro-minerals include sodium, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, potassium,sulfur, and chloride, and micro-minerals contain iron, zinc,manganese, copper, and iodine
The largest difference between the two minerals is that macro-minerals are needed in higher amounts than micro-minerals
assignment
This is my essay in for English class
Could you check my grammar
And if there is something awkward, please tell me
To going unknown world experience everyone although there have big or small difference. Experiencing the unknown world affects everyone in different ways(?). *I wasn't completely sure what you meant here
It gives us enjoyment, and we learn many lessons
“Araby” is the source of the experience
The protagonist is a teenager, and the story is written with in his point of view
One day he goes to a baser instead of a friend’s sister who he likes, and tries to present for her; however, he faces obstacles in there
The author tells some themes and teaches through the character, and to enter the unknown world
First of all, to enter and expect(← did you mean \"inspect\"?) the unknown world leads to too much confidence in one's self. 
The protagonist goes to the  bazaar, and promises to buy something for her
There has It is a fact that he has likes for her, and she looks enviously at him
This brings him a big\/great responsibility and now he has a chance to close in on her
Also, it lead image what baser wonderfully event. *I'm not sure what you mean here
Moreover, the image becomes larger and larger automatically through her attitude and words
The small hero is deeply in dream, and cannot find out the truth
In Consequently, his he is highly disappointed is big when he arrives nearby, and feels miserable darling going back home. *I think this is what you meant, but I'm not sure
These are This happens to many people too
In my case, many of my friends are interested in America, and they make me to draw a great world; thus, I expect everything to be different, and I can change completely by going to another country
However, it was just an image, because I hit the wall such as when it came to language and difference of culture, as same as other international students
Also, many of them go back to their country due to mental illness
They think America is “cool”; yet, do not notice there are it is necessary to put forth a lot of effort
The author sends a message that looking forward to something may bring happiness and make you feel more excited, however too much expectation brings cause of estimation
Everyone goes into an unknown world although they have experiences that differ either greatly or not so much
“Araby” is a story about gaining experience
The protagonist is a teenager, and the story is written from his point of view
One day, he goes to a bazaar in the place of a friend’s sister who he likes, and tries to buy a present for her; however, he faces obstacles there
This brings him a great responsibility and, gives him a chance to get closer to her
Moreover, the image of the bazaar becomes larger and larger through her attitude and words; then, the hero is deep in dream, and cannot find out the truth
Consequently, he is highly disappointed when he arrives at Araby, and feels miserable going back home
In my case, many of my friends are interested in America, and they make me to imagine it a great world; thus, I expect everything to be different, and I can change completely by going to another country
However, it was just an image because I hit the wall when it came to language and differences of culture, same as the other international students
They think America is “cool”; yet, do not notice it is necessary to put in a lot of effort
The author sends the message that looking forward to something brings happiness and make you feel more excited; however, too much expectation causes disappointment
The first example of the this problem is his relatives
When he tells his aunt he is going to the bazaar, she looks at him suspiciously, as if he is up to something, and the people around him, like his teachers, also treat him strictly
Also, the protagonist keeps doing boring and simple work to go to Araby
However, there are things that cannot be overcome or there is nothing that can be done by one’s self
For instance, his uncle did not get to go back home on time, and forgot that he was going to the bazaar (page432
After that, he takes the train and finally gets started for the bazaar at last
He realized the journey had finished badly
People cannot control their own life and some time, hard work does not always succeed
Finally, there are things that will not be understood if people do not experience them directly
Even though he made the trip alone and he has a particular mission, he is just a child to outside world
It is emphasized that she treated him coldly
The journey changes nothing and he goes back home, being angry and sad
However, the facts, the merchants are Western people, the unknown world is nothing, and he did not know how small he was, he did not know until he explored Araby
For better or worse, these experiences give a big impact to his own mind than the ones he hears from the other people and leave something of value
and I'm not sure about the information even I have a test tomorrow
There did not have a hierarchy, and did not have people who were aggressive and wanting to fight
In Pueblo Bonito, the largest town at Chaco Canyon, the people lived in a brick building which had 800 rooms and use 30000 sandstone blocks to build
There already existed religious and worship ceremonies places called kivas
The government controlled the society thought religious power
Their previous foods were from crops like bean, maize squash and the society was matriarchal. Maize and corn are the same thing - in North America we say 'corn', but maize in the UK\/Commonwealth
In contrast with the Southwest, there was a hierarchy, and the worship was based on this system
The people were divided nobility, the “great sun” and “nobleman”, and commoners, called “stinkers”
Also, the tribes were aggressive and more war-like, and they lived in mound building which were densly populated."
what do you think about your neighbor
when I watched youtube, I found a video in which people were talking about about their neighboring country
The man who is from America say \"where is Canada? + which man, please? 
 and \"it is a little America\" as a joke
In the comment, there was written \"neighboring countries don't have good relationships.\" +this is true. Look at Scotland. Ask them about their neighbors, and they will say \"English Wankers\", \"French Sissies\", or \"Welsh Trolls
The comment assume me because when I drove with my friends who are Taiwanese and Chinese, they discussed their identity and recognition of their respective countries
Also, my classmate asked me \" Don't Japanese and Chinese get along with each other?\" 
I know it is a complex question,and it is sometimes taboo, but the topic is very interesting."
To Live in Another Country : Part 2
Things that living foreign country means to spread my view and idea. Living in a foreign country introduces me to new views and ideas. (I'm not sure if this is what you mean
My mother is a nurse whose job is to care for handicapped people. and Her hospital has a school,car, and bus for them
There are made society for handicap- people, so I had thought their and our world are separated in Japan. In Japan, handicapped people seem to live in another society, so I though our world was separate from theirs. (Once again, not sure if this is what you meant
But, in the country I am living in now, many handicap people use the public bus, which have a lift for wheel chairs ( it's cool!!!) and some blind people go to college 
Also,gay people work in the clothes shops like For ever 21, and in my school, lesbian couples kiss in the hall(\/\/o
They can work without hiding thier identity, and the class-mates talk to them as a one of their friends
They seem more free and comfortable than here than in Japan, because one of my friends was quite his part time job due to being gay, and he kept his sexuality secret in his university
This country takes care not only of the majority but also the minority
I think that is one of the reasons that many people move to here
I want to go to Canada
I am especially interested in Halifax because there has a famous university, good foods like sea food and old history
but, I wonder about one thing
Earlier, I researched Halifax by wiki; then, it was written as city, but on another web site was written there is country side
In short, the author conveys important messages like awareness of vanity, difficulty of life, and significance of practical experience through the protagonist
The unknown world and the journey give us hope; however, danger often accompanies traversing it 
This is an assignment for German class
Could you check it for grammar
and please tell me if the imformation is wrong or the sentences are something weird
In 1920’s, German economy was struggling because of defeated its defeat in WWI
At the time, Adolf Hitler became president and started to control German organization.[Specifying \"at the time\" is not necessary as you have already established that you are speaking about Germany in the 1920s.] 
Then her family move to Amsterdam, Netherland for escaping from to escape persecution
She was celebrated her 13th birthday on that day and received a diary as a present
After that, Hitler and the Nazis invaded and took over the Netherlands
The Jaw was dominated new rules.[I don't understand what you are saying here, can you reword
Her family went into hiding in his her father’s office, and their friends’ helped to keep hide them hidden
Anne spent most of time her writing in her diary
She leaves to write dairy life, and his family.[Reword, cannot understand this
On August 4th, German police found their hiding place and they were taken to a concentration camp
First of all, the protagonist has a prejudice about disabled persons, which makes that person not want to connect with handicap people
At first, he does not want Robert to come to his home, and tell his wife she should not have any blind friends
He implies that he does not want to relate to anyone except non-handicapped people because he feels something different about the blind and handicapped and has negative impressions about them
Also, when he and his wife go to meet the blind man, and he sees Robert, “he was wearing a full beard
Too much!\" (P.126) he said
In this period, people would have beards; however, he is irritated by everything about the blind man and gives some reasons why he does not like him
Moreover, the hero turned on the TV after talking to the blind man although he thinks the blind man would not make sense of the TV show
The attitude show the protagonist wanted to stop the conversation
In addition, he thinks that Robert’s eyes were creepy in the way they moved, and wished the blind man would wear dark glasses
He considers the blind as different kinds of people and is repulsed and wonders why doesn't the blind man wear glasses like other blind people
These action is used when people do not want the particular person to be close to them and do not care whether the person hates them or not
People tend to make judgements based on themselves and if someone has a lack of ability compared to them it becomes a cause of discrimination
For instance, in Robert's case, the protagonist knows he is blind at first sight; thus, the hero assumes he cannot see or does not understand everything around him
He said this to make Robert embarrassed
He did not expect that Robert could answer the question
Also, when Robert asks him something, his answer is simple and he talks down to the blind man because he considers if he had a real conversation with the blind man, Robert would not make sense of what he was talking about
In addition, the hero gazes at the blind man’s face many times and observes the blind man’s actions even though usually this behavior is rude
The biggest reason for these actions is that he has no idea the blind man notices it
Furthermore, he has an idea that handicap person can do nothing without support
Therefore, he thinks need to help or to do something when Robert is struggling with something
Thus, he butters two slices of bread for him (P.127
And stares as he eats the dinner
In this way, he looks down on the blind man and imagines with a bit of pity that they don't have the ability to do anything
This represents our unconscious behavior and thinking."
Usually, the coffees in America are too sweet!!!, so I ordered a skinny vanilla latte
surely, the coffee that I ordered is not so sweet, but I want a little bit of sugar (lol
Anyway, there are 2 types of people there =9
one of them is the anti-caffeine type who worries about drinking coffee because they believe it will give them bad effects like hypertension, or heart murmur
she never allows her grandchildren to drink coffee
they drink tea and Frappuccino which has no caffeine, and the people come ★bucks to enjoy talking and focus on studying
the other is ★bucks holic who really LOVES their coffee
they are always in ★bucks and keep drinking coffee
some of my friends, especially Japanese, tend to become 'holics
I worry about them, but they say \" I can't live without ★bucks
To me, the coffee shop is one of my favorite places, but I'm not so crazy about it
First example of the problem is his relatives
When he tells his aunt he is going to the bazaar, she looks at him doubly Not sure what 'doubly' means, and the people around him, like teachers, also treat him strictly
The protagonist keeps dining doing? boring and simple work for Araby
In this way, the hero encounter some troubles and he has to be patient to achieve his purpose
Moreover, he meet with happening that good for nothing shiftiness. Not sure what this sentence means
His uncle did not get back home on time, and forgot that he was going to the bazaar
page432) He should have gone at an earlier time; nevertheless, he has no way without waiting for his uncle to get money
After that, he takes the train and get started for the bazaar at last
He succeeds in getting over obstacles, and it seems his trip is successful; therefore, his heart is filled with happy expectation about the unknown world
However, there wait for just real world. いみ？ Maybe \"However, the real world turns out to be different
He arrived at the place on late time; there were few people there and it was almost dark
It is not a fantastic place as he thought and he is disappointed to do not be able to get her something nice as apresent
He realized the journey has finished badly
People cannot control their own life and some time, hard work does not succeed
Finally, there is likely things that won't be understood if people do not experience it
In the bazaar, the young lady and gentleman speak with English accents (page433) although the bazaar is named Araby
He was shocked by the fact, because he had no idea that Western people would be selling Arabian products
Further more, he noticed unwelcome the accent due to period of donate and oppress. Do you mean his Irish accent is unwelcome
He listened to the fall of coins (page433). The hero has his eyes opened. It is a realistic and commercial place
Also, in the shop, a lady came to him and spoke to him curtly
It means he was not appropriate to be at the the shop, and she judged he does not intend to buy anything
Even though he made the trip alone and he has a particular mission, he is just a child to outside world
It is emphasized she treated him coldly
The journey changes nothing and he goes back home being angry and sad
The merchants are western people, the unknown world is nothing, and he did not know how small he was until he explored Araby
These experiences give a big impact to his own mind, more than the ones he hears from other people, and leave something as value."
5 saturated fat, which is found in animal sources like meat, poultry, and dairy products, are solid at room temperature
It increases LDL; thus, saturated fat is known as unhealthy fat
The fat is made of combinations of carbon, oxygen and hydrogen that are fully saturated with carbohydrates, and saturated compounds are all single bond
In contrast, unsaturated fat, which are found in plants and vegetable oil, are liquid at room temperature
The carbon bond is a double bond
LDL moves cholesterol from the liver to the body cells in the blood, however LDL sticks and does not move smoothly like HDL
As a result, when there is too much cholesterol in the blood, it builds up in arteries and causes heart attack and atherosclerosis
The foods which include LDL are egg, butter and beef
HDL is known as good cholesterol because it removes LDL cholesterol which is stored in our body, and protects from heart disease
Also, HDLs move very comfortably though blood, therefore, they do not get stuck in it
Sales figures for Australian Women's Weekly increased last year. "
Usually, I have a holiday on Saturdays (no period here, continue to next sentence
but I will have to go work tomorrow
Now These days, I have a project of involving our new product
Despite the fact that the project goes into mass production soon, it still hasve many problems
So, I have to think find the best solution and do that
I wish hope I do a good job tomorrow."
How to make Making TON-KATSU is very easy
1,Give the egg and the bread crumbs. (Sorry. This is wrong, but I'm not sure how to edit it
Fri Fry it
Usually, We we eat TON-KATSU with mustard and source
But the restaurant I visited take makes it with Ginger soy sauce
When I ate it, I feel it was very delicious！！
I'm going to visit Hawaii in May
I'm going to visit Hawaii in May
Today I made a reservation for English lesson on the web
It is free
If the lesson is good, I will join the web lesson class. (コンマの後は、スペースがひとついります）"
The benefits for owning pets
The people who own a cat, a dog, or other pets will agree that having pets makes them feel happy
In addition, now the scientists are starting to prove that there are benefits for owning pets
For example, the people with pets generally have lower blood pressure and lower rate of depression than those who don't own pets
75% of families who acquired pets reported an increase in the level of happiness and enjoyment in the homes
One other study looked at stockbrokers who are considered to have a lot of stress
But I continued to be interested in languages and when I entered high school, I dreamed of becoming a translator
I wanted to work as a translator at home while bringing up my child
I don't know for what reason people learn languages on Lang-8, but I hope they've already realized or they will realize their dreams soon."
A few days ago on the way to Europe I got stuck in South Korea because of the volcano eruption in Iceland
After unsuccessful tries to looking for another way to get to the destination, we got tired and decided to go back home
The problem was due to a has happened by the natural disaster, so we couldn't vent our frustration on anyone. 
But problems always teach me a lot of lessons
After getting back home, I read a book by Chuck Spezzano
Three months ago this book has taught me almost nothing, but this time I have found a very important answer to one of the questions about my life
This is really great, I feel so happy now."
But I use just a small square space 50 square centimeters
The rest of the space is taken up by 50 books, 2 big dictionaries, and a mess of papers. Some of the things which I don't even know what they are
I made this plan 1 week ago, but after then the mess is just growing
The second reason is that in such standard boxes we usually keep the things with unfixed forms, like groceries and so on; therefore, standard boxes are more heavy-duty than other boxes
I've been dreaming of having a very big comfortable bed for a long time
This dream came true yesterday 
Today I could get up early and felt very fine 
I took a walk in morning fresh air 
I really wonder why this dream remained only as a dream for such a long time
I should have gotten it a few years ago, since it can dramatically change my life
I should make a list of all the other unfinished plans and unrealized dreams !"
20 years in my bedroom
If I'm going to live till to be 60 years old, I will spend 20 years in my bedroom, so I should spend more attention and money to make on making my bedroom comfortable
This is my translation of the ''The box man\" by Kobo Abe
He was one of the Japan's avant-garde writers
Packing tape (waterproof) - about 2 m
I like the common Japanese saying 雨垂石を穿つ that means constant dropping wears away the stone
I also like the sound of the saying 桃栗三年柿八年（ももくりさんねんかきはちねん, which means it takes three years to get peaches and eight years to get mons. 
It means that it takes three years to get peaches and eight years to get persimmons
But, as the Japanese proverb says, time flies like an arrow （光陰矢のごとし）
I think if I make a constant effort, I will see a very good results soon
I feared making mistakes in my wrinting, so I didn‘t write new entries these days
It‘s grammatically not correct to use the same word repeatedly in a text
So, for example, \"Japan\" has another name \"country of the rising sun\", or \"USA\" is sometimes called \"country of freedom
On the other hand, in English a word has lot of meanings
I feel English is a more friendly language compared to Russian
Russian always frighten off foreign people with its intricating grammer rules, heaviness of sounds and many decorative expressions
It took me almost ten years for me to like this language, although I like it very much now because it opened me the whole new world."
The air is fresh and the water is so clean
The people who live here looks so casual and relaxed
I will start my winter semester in at Salzburg University majoring in IC
I am looking forward to the next six months."
I will  show you cats (that are) fighting today.と書いたほうがいいと思います＾＾
享受!（请欣赏）
Actually, ( or you could say 'To tell you the truth,' ) I'm afraid of swine flu
But I also have another concern which makes me feel eerie and frightened
